Wondering why Educated Ambassador is struggling to pay through Credit/Debit at a Decent Restaurant! Cant imagine that diplomat of a Developed nation is not having a Card and he needs Cash only for Dinner.
Not good job.....this guis creating a problem n our socacity
absolutely! the deeper you dive the shallower cushion you have .
Brown Sahib , anti national leftist commies , media and Muslim pandering Hindu sick-O-Lars have milked ""secularism"" to all it was worth to render it into a mere failed slogan . Sick-O-Larism has been nothing more than continuation of British policy of ""divide and rule"" . That RSS is opposed to ""the idea of secularism"" , absolutely  because it has been used as a dagger into the heart of Hindus , Hinduism and Hindustan .
For tht those hv more thn 2 flats or 2 land is legal rest has to surrender properties to govt
This problem is occur only in India not in other countries?
In government office implement the online transactions... also all parties should show off their account transaction for running their elections in RTI.
Unfortunately this is wat indian govt is capable of doing!!!!...i dint vote for modiji to see such crap..
People talk about common man suffering all the time.This is the same country where thousands laid their lives for freedom.Cant the common man endure little trouble to stand in queues for the greater good.
I visited 5 atm but I cont able to withdraw from money..not working..
Modi ji,  all the Pain & nö Real Gain.
Hell with BJP. All political  parties are corrupt and I do not like anyone. They are there to only make money whomsoever you may vote.  But supporting Naxalites who kill our soldiers,  taking side of JNU students who shout ""Bharat ke tukde Katenge"" and Afzhal Guru tere Katil jinda hai and very recent ""there is nothing wrong in chanting Pakistan zhindabad "" are all attributed to this man. Hence he is decidedly antinational.
udhav has shown bjp its place,bravo shivsena
Unebeivable atory. Some time back India was wrongly claiming surgical strikes in Pakistan and now claiming surgicam strike  by Pakistan. Wrong again.
Tollywood Parbhas Die Heart Fans Where Is Parbhas Acting in Bahubali 2 😂😂😂😂😂Bahubali 2 it's Graphics Cartoon Movie Don't Compare Indian Cinema Bollywood Movies Khan Acting Aamir , Salman & Shahrukh Acting
People will be happy if they have at 2 km
Tweet or Hate ??
Indian Express found Shirish Kunder more acknowledgeable personality    for front page news --- This is where standard of Indian express gone down -- Oh I forgot Wife of Sitaram Yachur is resident editor of Indian Express --- Then it is ok
#ENTERTAINMENT | Karan Johar might have Justin Bieber to kick off the sixth season of #KoffeeWithKaran.
But that's hypothetical. BJP will never win.
I'm not a salman fan mate but i think you are a fan of zee news nano chit in 2000 notes and lets not talk about intellect here coz people who have low intellect judge people based on their choices
But lynching was never a part of the freedom struggle but how can the chaddis who were always chamchas of the British know that?
Dear India,  stop playing with the emotions of your people for votes.
Anna hazare is agent
Ask the khans to do it... Any ways they kill them when drunk.... And then start with being human
You can be sure that the gunman was a white American (christian and not a muslim), otherwise the headline would read ""muslim"" and not ""Beer-drinking"" as the first word.  There would be more calls for Trump's  ""muslim ban"", which the world's laughing stock has failed to implement - but will the great Orange One now call for a ""Beer-drinking ban""?
If you cannot do any good for your country   at least support those who are trying to do something better for country. Today whole world recognise India just because of Modi.
man what's with you people copy pasting the same comment everywhere.. don't y'all get tired..
As per Zee News 405 for seats for BJP in UP. Total constituency is 403. Two seats given by Zee News on free of cost.
Irony is your display picture at one end you are happy seeing some one innocent dying and at other end you are praying to not kill an innocent
No one can defeat Modi now Bihari people might be saddened they dint elect bjp jdu a burden for them
This puppet came out for MCD election #chutiya
They r getting benefits as those areas r not getting used that's why's , start ing roads will make them weak ,
So they fired across the border then went in to mutilate the corpses . Sorry I don't buy this at all.
Yes sir. That, of course will happen. When cow become President, PM, CM, MP, MLA and human loiter on road foraging for food, dying after swallowing plastic.
True, any good work is opposed by group of vested interest.In fact our political parties often support such elements in search of vote banks. Aggressive media activism is also absent. Hi
True
.However, reservation is not poverty alleviation scheme, it is there for only those social groups, historically who has been exploited, marginalized, rendered weaker. Muslims wanted window within OBCs, Supreme Court says, you can create subwindow within OBCs, without breaching 50% barrier, but not on the basis of religion.
I am for freedom of speech but against the lampooning freedom of speech of another young person!
He  should be payed by police who kept the money with them. Or as promised RBI
Mouni baba open mouth
Anna, unfortunately, has lost all credibility. He has conveniently forgotten the Lokpal bill.  He is saffron under the skin. Kejriwal on the other hand transformed the face of Indian politics. The major parties have quietly adopted everything he stood for.
1). Rule says that loudspeakers should not be used between 10pm and 6am.  2)""If Muslims have the right to give azaan, non-Muslims have the right to sleep peacefully."" High court verdict
I wanna meet the girl who said the iPhone is user friendly!!!
Hope u get well soon. My wishes for u. I got it there's no point wasting my time to make u understand anything. All the best buddy.
There are many people who are dumb enuf to undrstand dese things
Bhaiya sabse pahle ye hai kon... mahangaayi badhi to banwaas pr gaye hue the, Note ban pr ese ghayab hue jaise gadhe k sir se seeng, Patrol and eatables price hike pr to ye mr india ban gaye the k kahin dikhe hi nahi.  Or ab aagaye neend se jaag kar k chalo thoda publicity b lelun.
Congratulations Bmp & Modiji, Please do something to develop India, Except good speeches
Obviously haven't read about turning the other cheek. Funny kind of Christian fellow.
Modi ji's elevation too was so ominous that some sickulars and antidemocratic individuals declared that they would leave the country if he becomes PM! Same black forces are now chanting the same mantras oblivious of the fact that this is 21st century and people can differentiate between chalk and cheese!
NDA rules party 🎉 good governance 😝😝
Bhai this is not mainstream. Even Mira Rajput said third wave feminism is destructive.  And yes, mainstream feminists are indeed bullies. They keep on rioting and creating ruckus. They hate free speech, they conceal facts, they project lies etc (I have evidence for all of it. So please counter my perspective and not my facts)
These were happening 24×7. But the administration was always in sleeping mode.
She has been so priveleged all her life. But we have to work to meet our ends. We don't get to make our choices.
Dear Indian Express, I feel sorry to write that your journalists are out there to misinterpret events and present them in a distorted manner just to make some sensational headlines. The news about upcoming singer Nahid Afreen has been prepared without proper research and investigation. It was very sad to see that your journalists don't even know the difference between fatwa and appeal. A fatwa is a non-binding legal opinion issued only by a qualified jurist (Mufti) on a request by someone who is unable to understand religious guidelines whereas the leaflet that is being circulated and presented as Fatwa is just a hard copy of an appeal signed by 46 men who believe in religious practices. The merit of appeal can be discussed on many grounds and in many dimensions but first and foremost, an appeal can not be called a legal opinion (Fatwa). We expect apology from your side for such a mistake.
sharukh travels in a broad gauge ......steam engine reporter can stop whistling for every steam during the news
He should be allowed to travel in goods train carrying beasts..he is as worth as they are. That luxary is more than enough for him (it!!!).
Heh turkey is the 3rd class pathetic country i know.
Digesting cattle food
Illiterates have started teaching to highest literacy rate people now. Do u know ur literacy rate in world among muslims ? It is just 0.27%. Horrible..! The lowest literacy rate among all religions.
Our Hon'ble governor is Best  But Some one not ......
Sitaram Yechury is an amiable person from the Marxist lobby dominated by the hardcore ideologues.As a member of the upper house he contributed very constructively.
If it is to be banned, then it should be banned for all other religions as well.
Sanghi dose mila hai Annaji ko fir se kyunki  Delhi me jo MCD election hai filhal.. Ab sab ko samajh gaye hai Lokpal aur corruption crusader kitne paani me hai aur kis k saath hai.
Who care what she eat... Even she eat poo we don't care
4 people died and Indian express finds humour in it..rip journalism..
Modi banded 500-1000 notes. So his next step should be to band congress party
What does the word cost mean? Does it take foreign debt into consideration? Does it consider human wealth?
Mr. Narang it's just the matter of time, I am not stupid enough to believe that govts works for the betterment of masses.. you need to read thoroughly The Prince by Niccolo or the Republic by Plato. I am sure once this govt complete it's term in the office we will have bigger scams to quote... And that's what Dr. Manmohan Singh is talking about...
For what reason?ifu
Nothing new on it. Indians only gossip, take action instead of spreading failures
Sehwag your comments made  no  sense  at all.   You should  not have made the stupid comparison.  There is a big difference cricketer  and a martyr .
I bought One Plus 2 just about two months ago..2 days back I dropped it and got the entire screen cracked. Though it is working fine. But I am not able to repair it due to unavailability of service centre in Jammu & Kashmir... It's frustrating
Cows are definitely gonna vote for Modi ji in 2019 ;)
Why am I not surprised. Another dictatorship begins to form
Anna Hazard is a novice now. His voice has got no value.
We have enough support already . Turkey isn't our ally more like a traitor & have come to solve Kashmir issue lol
Perfect example of ""Vridha asharam- when people can just see and repeat words which they have heard in early morning "" Indian media is using AANA JI to take only wrong or negative  comments either it's for BJP or AAP .... but would say POOR PERFORMANCE
Do you have any doubt? Why was he holding some many pistols and ammunition etc ?If he is not when police rounded up why was he holding up and firing at police?
Bt massive win? Seriously?
Mr. Macchiwala I have spoken to Muslims in Gujrat and they were thankful to him because he saved their lives. I don't know where do you get this idea that Modi is responsible for riots.
Govt has to care of Army more than RSS . Else it will be RSS vs Indian Army  ?
Tow terrorst killd at bouder...indian army is a terrorst mob
I have a question for you sir. Can you please name the temple please also which Kashmiri Pandits are chanting bhajans?
And watch it 24/7 , and dont watch anything else
Anna you don't see the corruption of BJP and Congress that's happening from past 60 years ??
Vishnu Sreevalsan on this mother's day you can greet them. ""Hope your mummy stays yummy this mother's day.""
Call in the airforce and bomb the hell out of dantewada
Crocodile tears.
"" JAMMU & KASHMIR STATE NEED BUSINESS CORRIDOR ""  Now j&k state people are in excitement and they were misguided by infiltrators. Since 10 days I got thousands of reply's received from j&k state people and some of Pakistan people's  which was I wrote thesis, regarding intolerance in j&k state.  Here some people are depend by terrorist Organisations and Pakistan MILITENTS and other Anti National Elements. Now they people are making  stone pelting on Army and Police and they raised slogans favor to Anti National attitude and wearing ISIS dressess and with Pakistan flags.  J&K State students need to get admissions in South INDIA Collages because there is no mutual understanding and interaction between j&k state and South states, In my verdict this is the big salvation for intolerance.  Need marriage proposals between South and North with j&k state people.  J&K State suffer by Lobour Acts and implementations because there is no route map for life survive with good opportunities this is the major problem in j&k State that's why teenagers following unlawful Act.  Need Industrial Hub in J&K state for better earnings.  I request to Prime Minister MODI Ji that, please bring the new reforms for j&k state for better future to our Citizens....Jai Hind   S V P YADAV Journalist +918019563514
They will now transform into the bike... I just know it... Human transformers!
Sir u Carry on! India now understand who are fake
Anirban Kundu  So you are the pesticide
Dear Indian Express, I feel sorry to write that your journalists are out there to misinterpret events and present them in a distorted manner just to make some sensational headlines. The news about upcoming singer Nahid Afreen has been prepared without proper research and investigation. It was very sad to see that your journalists don't even know the difference between fatwa and appeal.  A fatwa is a non-binding legal opinion issued only by a qualified jurist (Mufti) on a request by someone who is unable to understand religious guidelines whereas the leaflet that is being circulated and presented as Fatwa is just a hard copy of an appeal signed by 46 men who believe in religious practices. The merit of appeal can be discussed on many grounds and in many dimensions but first and foremost, an appeal can not be called a legal opinion (Fatwa).  We expect apology from your side for such a mistake.
It is a darma ..no viletions by pak army.. India army is a presure of unrest in country..
Hi team, i need some help from you, you people coverage everything, please coverage our village please,  i stay in one village, our village still dint get the patta and chitta from our land since 1947, all of the villages got this in india, in entire india only our panchayat dint get the patta and chitta for land, we have around 500 former housed, govt is saying formers are the back bone of india, we do lot of agriculture we dont get any facilities from government, we are struggling lot, please help i have reached lot of MLAs and Ministers they are asking bribe. my number @ 9663387141
now on wards.....we have to follow new way with banks,,,,in previous days we were deposited our total money and we with draw what ever req. we do....but now on wards we have to do need based deposits only...
Secure ?? Lol
Hypocrites are everywhere.
It is individual choice of being working mother or not working mother, no one has right to put forth their opinion on others. it is not a competition , rather it is justice to the talent of multi tasking which is not her cup of tea look like.
Why he is scolding her who gives right to MLA to shout like this on SP of city....she was only doing her duty according to law...if there is something legal according to law then it's police duty to stop that ""dharna"" police don't work according to public sentiment it work only according to law. If this MLA is really worried about liquor then why ruling party is not putting ban on liquor?
Drona Goswami did u forget gulf states..
Pakistan was involved in duplication of Indian Currency they were sending these fake currency in India to few traitors And now those traitors are feeling ripped off from their possessions Most of them are hiding behind our poor people and saying gareebo ko maar diya But actually these traitors are dying  #salutetoPM
Plz look into education problem that rural children's are facing.
Then start resolving Kashmir issue.
Yàar my ears r bleeding  stop this 😑 get the bike on stage
Sonu is right...  Muslims believe in nirakar philosophy ... Then y they build mosque with loud speakers... They can do worship allah at home..
Menakji when the entire police force and security forces are deployed to protect the political class. There is scarcely any police force left for the protection of citizens hence crime rate is bound to raise. This is simple logic.
Where is 56"" chest and his andh bhakts will they take serious actions r they will do kadi ninda 😠😠😠
Mr Modi sorry to say u r forgetting that u r giving birth to a new crime in money gamble only a month has passed already there are so many raid have been done in new currency forget the old currency
Jay hind Pakistan me jabrdast  Hamla  Kare Hmari Sena  jbab dena  jaruri h
If population control and safe sex is immorality, no wonder we're the second most populous country on this planet.
These are personal choices and it has nothing related to love or hatred. Stop your nonsense.
People already started closing their ears after listening.. will close their eyes after launch ;)
Kejriwal is better working corruption free . Anna have dirty politics what happened to your lokpal fights and fast during UPA period. You are product of dirty swine.
Well said sonali
Language is very bad ......we the voters are still alive to see what is going on .....if any of the party who will not work ...we will send them to home ....don't worry
Atleast we show reality what happpens..... but pak media & army keeps their people in denial mode.... 😂
Attention: Indians have launched a False Flag ⛳️ Operations .   They claimed that Pakistani forces infiltrated the LOC killed and mutilated bodies of two BSF jawans .   The claimed location is not just heavily mined and fenced but has been under constant Indian Army surveillance citing attempted infiltration by Kashmiri Militants .   It's obviously an attempt to sway the international community away from the atrocities committed by Indian Occupation Forces on Unarmed Kashmiris.  Previously the Drama was done to fool Indian population for UP Election this time God know what they have in Mind but it's simply Evil and in the end people of India will suffer one way or the other
Fool....  Not even your government is not worth to print notes with out mistake.  What hard work is this
All time iNdian muslim hero who gave good reply to whp sheo sina Bajrang dal to the 1991 ANTI MUSLUM KILLInG AFTER THE BABREE MASJID DESTRUCTION  ONLY IN BOMBAY KILLED 2000 MUSLIMS THOUSANDS OF MUSLIM KILLED BY FANATIXS
Accused.. not convicted❗️ Plz don't misrepresent in a way that society is misled
Mr. PM you must act now. We are with you. Don't do only ninda always.
Ashin Jose Chellamthara leftists Goonda are with Jehadist Scoundrels sadly no true left wingers left in India
Found validity in the comments made by founders on Rajiv Bansal’s severance pay: Infosys Chairman
Already he lost his leftover respect and public image. no need of further drama
Come on ..you do not have to be abusive  ...however it reveals the type of person you might be.....definitely not a.good Muslim........read the Koran for guidance
Almost daily
What he said is truth and nothing else
Early to rise and early to sleep makes man happy and healthy and he is angry with Azaan which alarms him to rise early.
They r tryin to say.. run while u still can
No body plans to fail, but ' Demonetization' step clearly states that the govt has failed to plan & now acting as per their failed planning
It's not trust vote it's fixed vote for money
Everything was fine till she mentioned the new wave of feminism as destructive and then said ""why would I want to spend just an hour with Misha and then rush off to work? Why did I have her? She's not a puppy."" SO WRONG. That's almost as if saying that mothers who work and take care of their children treat their kids like puppies and have not gone through the same difficult times she might have gone through. Tsk. She sure should have chosen her words more wisely than that. This is too crude for a new age mother.
When an elephant like Modi walks and talks, he does not bother about street dogs barking at him.
Wolf in Sheep's clothing.  Keeps threatening to go on a strike against the Center for not implementing Lokpal but has not sat on  a dharna for a single day. Hypocrite. His dreams of BJP coming to power in Delhi and Punjab have been shattered by Kejriwal.
Reservation is not poverty alleviation scheme, it is there for only those social groups, historically who has been exploited, marginalized, rendered weaker. Muslims wanted window within OBCs, Supreme Court says, you can create subwindow within OBCs, without breaching 50% barrier, but not on the basis of religion.
Says a guy who once got slapped by Srk
In five years power BJP Talks on single Issues that is Beef bain.....Look at Modi Changing india from 0 to 0
Government is weak. Not taking strong actions against these anti nationals.
Suspected
Ye video kisi bhi political party se kaafi upr h, its just you media can't see it but we people do. So just stop feeding the society whatever you want we know whats right!!
The common man suffers because they refuse change..wasn't they requested to open bank accounts two year's back???..isn't that enough window of opportunity??..well done Modiji
Anna should concentrate on lokpal
See guys he's actually right if i like some kind of music i won't be playing it on loudspeaker in train,ill be using earphones.And prayer s are made from heart not on loudspeaker.
welldone pak army I slute this is a surgical strike
Evm me fix
A crowd , mostly of women were protesting against opening of a liquor shop in residential locality. From social point of view protest was ok But what the Police was supposed to do? Stand there and allow deterioration of situation ? Or dispers the crowd and open the road for traffic. The legality of opening of the liquor shop lies under drugs and liquor dept. They must have called the police. The IPS was working under what is permitted by law.  Humiliating the officer, lady or any is to be condemned.
Charge us for the rain,air,oxygen and for our soul...Jai Ho....
freedom from whom? a large section of hindu families eat meat even cow. Ban has nothing to do with muslims. All  r going to be affected. 21st century mam
Ban on 500 and 1000INR note is good step but why 2000INR note
I think modi also doing this in Gujrat but theyear given never come same is here only publicity nothing else if anybody want to know see which year he gave same proposal
CA Kiran K Komaravolu It is expected from PM that many many emotional and rhetoric speeches have been delivered and subjects have been deliberately changed and now please PERFORM.
"" Election and fake encounter at the same time.. Only one party will gain votes through this incident. ""
Yes to 2nd world war and Modi
Could of bought South Africa for that. Think the Gupta's got a bargain.
Watever wipro is doing but the behaviour over there is very bad
we dont have time for such issues, we are busy saving cows.
If the RBI did have enough new notes, but did not distribute then it defenitely will be intentional. All new notes issued before 31st dealine would have helped the hoarders to exchange the old for new. If RBI indeed is sitting on a huge supply of new 500s  they can be quickly distributed from jan 1 and Modi would have salvaged the situation to a large extent.
Vinod Gupta with respect when our parliament had agreed on army court then it shouldn't be strange.
Bgp getting arrogant
I'm sure journos might be wondering if they're in the right room
Every were this person speaks it looks like a comedy show with a recorded laugh playing in the background....... May be wants to overtake Kapil's comedy show.. :-)
Barbarism shows what type of humans pakistanis are ....ooh sorry did i said humans..
India is #1 this is just foolish survey . Dude size of country matters.
Uncle, why don't you openly join BJP and dare to declare your rss alignment 😂
Indians are the best and suitable for these job bido yadav
I salute you Mr. Abrar. This every you should think before taking up the Pistols and bombs.
I don't know whether to laugh or to cry because in India educated people use to work under uneducated leaders
Why only Muslims get such letters, not Hindus, Sikhs, Buddhist, Jains, Jew or people belonging to any other religons?
What  LESSONS can WE LEARN from this? F.E. keep your assets to yourself (family, trustees in the country,  country), better evaluation of boardmembers even when family...
He is not lord wrong. How about dhropati sharing  among brothers
Binami next target !!! Best leader ever produced in chennai
All benifits gone to pakistan . Leather products order from abroad are going to pakistani comapnies due to Cow Vegilence . Army are dying only Indian bcz Pakistani uses Kasmiri civilians
But Swachch Bharat PR drama of your master has failed ? Ain't opportunist Canadian?  https://thewire.in/16474/why-swacch-bharat-type-schemes-will-fail-in-india/
RTI rights in Political Parties will curb out all the Black Money involved
What should every Indian know about IIT? 1.You and I pay taxes. 2.Using that tax, government provides subsidy to IIT students. 3.IIT students fly to USA and most of them work and settle there. In short, Our taxes are used to contribute brightest of the brains to USA. PS: Some may argue by quoting examples of Narayanamurthy, Kejriwal, etc. But understand that those are just a handful of them. The majority of them do not contribute anything for the country that provided them education in IITs. Source: Quora
thanks to bjpigs
Appeal was made because they were conducting the show near a graveyard and a mosque so they appealed didn't force like RSS
Don't listen who ever against you pm because they all corrupted hiding their money .... you doing best  people don't realise now they will know in coming future time how important helpful for public...good luck.
Anurag Taneja read this ...😍
He Can be made the CM. He's SO Cute and Cool :* :D :)  Anything is Better than Adityanath,so to say,yeah :D :) :/
I don't think only Rajnath Singh is responsible for this Mam.
Okk Rakesh Shah i agree wid u that it hurts old people, schools, animals everyone... Bt will mentioning a particular Community in frst two tweets, justified?? Are muslim people the only ones who plays loudspeaker?? i too feel we shud stop noise pollution, bt every human being shud make an effort not just Muslims..
All terrorists must be neutralized. This father has set a great example.
""And I suppose we're gonna ignore the fact that the most developed countries in the world, the Nordic nations, are basically socialist"" You defending socialism or Communism.On nordic countries None of them have an army they have no expenditure on army due to NATO whose budget is contributed by US majorly a CAPITALIST country, they were capitalist first then became socialist, u need to have income to redistribute it too hard to get?
rural india is not a promotional material for cnbc tv 18  come on do things with nobility ...come on spartan , prepare for the glory , do not kneel before xerxes , who may give you gold and silver ......lets live for glory of the great nation  ....land of sparta rejects the plea of persians
Bcoz he is a hindu
Wait till one year  Which grouth dropped slowly it's give negative results
Those who can't give justice to there women should not speak on others matter
This is a dedicated hardworking leader as our pm taken Ala  indiA  to 21centuary and beyond
Demonitisation  like a  medicine, it might be sour  but slowly and steadily
Zakir Musa also studied Engineering at Chandigarh but turned to be Top Hizbul Militant n killed our security pers. Kashmiri r pelting stones at our sec pers in J&K. So how can Kashmiri still  expect good treatment  from Chandigarh . First condemn ur Kashmiri ppl n ask them to behave like human beings if they want same in reciprocation.
India must come out of gomata,triple talaak,ayodhya.bciz these topics will devide us.India must b united,should b an developed nation.
Very bad direction to corporate world and need young talent to run the companies like tata not family:( see the american companies like Microsoft and Google give opportunity to young people to run the company, I really don't understand this kind of moves and more importance to family :( sad decision by tata group
What happened to sony wlakmen still in sales - ...is that indian manufacturing is a open defaecation system with out recycling facility ....anwer me ....from munna bhai
hope somone switches the bike and puts an Enfield there !! I am sure the expression on the MD's face will be priceless....for the rest we have mastercard !!
Dear cnbc y u didn't include Karnataka the state in ur stupid statistics video care to explain
Now he is going to be a headache for his co-passengers during the train journey.
first pass the bill for RTI on political funding , u will come to know who has black money
The commies anti national dreams will never materialise
I don't need to own them when I can afford to use them
There are ten thousand more logical ways to explain this
Every time Nawaz govt. in trouble these Indians come up with some thing.  Why was Jindal here met Nawaz and now this happens
Superb if normal civilian of India deposits more than 2.5l amount I.t officials may question him but the bail is given to the fraudster who looted thousands of crore loan from banks awesome power and money makes  impossible to possible....
Rohit sardana stop shedding crocodile tears. Your debate is only for TRP and exhibit your vocabulary. In TV debates, every one is sitting in TV as much you are sitting. Stop this rant ""TV mae baitke"". Go to their office and talk without camera and note down the same and read in front of your TV.
people he is not addresing us he is motivating his team members ...and also telling not o repeate that again
You have to have common sense to understand great hero like mr modi ji.......
time pass minister'
dude can u do wrong with your freinds?no right?so he is doing the same
Hello sir i am realy ur great fan u take a good decision u will give order to income tax department ride all mp and mla homes
Interesting.. But not many working even in metro cities ..
Everyone who opposes are the ones who cannot do anythn and comment just.
Yup... Only 1.5 minutes in 5 different masjid, 5 times a day...  And Hindus celebrate festivals daily...  So that you could be disturbed daily...  Right bro..??
Wt is the issue in it ??? Same thing happens everyday N most importantly he won the election without the support of any political party
This is our Media.... These charges have been announced only by HDFC Bank............ and look what this news channel has portrayed to us
Did u actually listen what he said next move to get regularise the salary of labour
IE I thought still you are some trust worthy news paper... But Seems you are also sold.. Better to unsubscribe
Indian government needs to stop blaming all it's self inflicted problems on it's neighbors. This sounds like the work of people angry at being occupied.
Ali have gomutr twice daily will improve your language and thinking.
this is why you don't let kids talk to the media
Why is messi quiting..... They lost because of the 6 number player(i dont know the name) inthe team of argentina who also missed the penalty
So shameful!! But again why are we after poor cows! The poor creatures don't even know what's happening to them or for them till they die...and the same applies to goats, pigs and any other animals. If there are ambulances for cows/animals, that's a thing to appreciate. First of all, we spoil their habitat, we start eating them for our nutrition and pleasure and then mock when a few of them get cared for! But yes, things are happening in the colour of political agenda which is controversial. Every living creature is entitled to healthcare and that is something we should ask for...please don't drag cows or goats in between. But then the politicians are busy saving cows and we are busy shaming snapchat CEO! Incredible India
Gujarati leaders won't spk as army jawans killed and never single gujarati in army in last 70 years ? Will BJP keaders send his son to join army ?
Living off his wife's earnings &tweeting...wah re wah..!!!
Yes we are back in medival ages and someone has hitted a stone on your head thats why you have lost your thinking ability
I follow that page because it's good to be aware of what's been going on in other people's heads and what kinda bull**** they are propagating. We need to be aware. And I feel it's time we spoke up against all that are calling us average middle class people intolerant or biased or any such nonsensical label. We just wanna live in peace, please let us.
Yoginomics For a moment I was stunned; Maybe like many of his passionate supporters. Why would  BJP commit  a harakiri,antagonize minority ,provide a handle for a section of media and opposition to  mount an attack  with renewed vigour and glee( I told u so!) Will it damage its reputation and put a question mark on its developmental agenda?   But knowing Modi & Amit  Shah,their ability to think far ahead of the rest,I think they have a game plan with far reaching consequence which will pay them rich dividend in the electoral battles down the line.   Suppose they ensure for the next 2 years a splendid  model of governance   with high growth and  peace  coupled with impartial administration they bury the ghost and tag of 'communal' neutralize and silence the critics once for ever !  If the epitome of  right wing  'monster ' can make this paradigm shift then they will succeed in wooing.the minorities into their fold,which hitherto they have  not been able to.   More media  harks upon the negatives more support BJP will get as credibility  of media is at a new low thanks to vibrant social media.
https://www.facebook.com/pages/i-will-be-sayin-bye-bye-2-facebook-if-they-start-charging/123883904305285?fref=ts , Hi friends Its important for us, Its a cheating with all public from facebook, first fb said that facebook is free and always etc etc, then what is this charging some amount for inboxing? Public didnot like this kind of cheatings, we have to protest against this kind of cheating from facebook with innocent public, ""Stop charging money on facebook""
#THANKY0UTAKER
You can go anywhere you want cause India will be new India Modiji's India , India of our dreams
Hell i thanked god for not born in creepy place like up
This lady is totally ignorant of our great freedom movement and the sacrifice of our leaders. Stupid comments.
So that Modi doesnt have to campaign separately... Feku and his never ending gimmicks
Then why you build temple ! You also can prayer at home ! ... Why you play bhajan in loudspeaker daily ! I also can say that it is disturbing me , simple !
Fake
seems to be a women crying for the RIP 400CC??
Har sarkaar yehi karti had jawaan marta hai to mare koi phark nahin padta
Any surplus will reduce the 28% list...bad idea ...rather should be used for 18% list
What is this new wave of feminism? Man, these are the kind of useless people who make stupid ill - informed statements and give feminism a bad name. Also, I like being aggressive, since when is she authority on that.
This headline shows and proves again that today's media is only TRP driven & it can cross any level to defame AAP. I am quite sure that you've already watched this video but reluctant to change  the mentality of today's generation as it was expected in this video. Shame on you guys
cement sector ? u think is there a correction left before buying in big cement stocks
Fudu man 👨
We are upset that most of the notes are deposited and they were getting white royally. Just leave this bills hit political leaders comments and do not waste your valuable time in answering them. Just take charge on these conversations and stop loosing the black money doors and please keep all normal man's trust on you to true.
Nupur Prakash This is just making me mad.
Your Excellency the President. With due respects. Do you think sir, that the present atmosphere of hatred and bigotry prevailing in our country is conducive to a life of Happiness for All (meaning ALL) the Citizens of our great country?
How can this happen? RSS going progressive! Time for commies and AIMIM to catch up 😝
if sympathizers are eliminated, and article 370 revoked.. everything will fall into place
Gr8 start...not an end..need to look at common man problems and taxes...
His followers are not as sensible as he is, are they?
Mayawati also charged the BJP with harassing and maligning her close relatives and herself.
Some  organisation  or NGO  or influential person  should  file a writ on Supreme Court  against  this patently  illegal  and unreasonable  order.
You are exaggerating my frnd...most Hindus don't hate muslims atleast in India...can't say about other country though.....afterall we look the same, our behavior similiar so this is just a hype
Demonetization is OK but who's going to look after the sufferings of poor and aam aadmi ?
Sanghi Mahatma has done nothing but successfully dent UPA image , he has not a word to say against current govt not implementing Lokpal or any other issues but gunning after AK because he left his farcical Sanghi satyagraha to actually go political and do something for people , remember how all political parties were after AK saying that it's easy to shout from outside if you want to make a difference join politics and when he did all started gunning for him
Shld c to the performance ... to chck if it can compete with ROYAL ENFILED
Shore sirf shor hota hai
I bet no punishment will be given to that women. After all she is innocent according to our legal system. #hailwomenempowerment #hailgenderbiasedlaws #hailnarishakti #hailfeminisminindia.
This is disgusting
I always thought he is gandhi,,, but this guy is sarvarkar.
AAP ALSO RYT THAT THEY DIDN'T INCLUDE U AS U R AN AGENT OF BJP... WHY ARE U SILENT ON LOKPAL NOW MR.HAZARE?? WHY U WERE SILENT WHEN BJP TOOK ACB FROM DELHI AAP GOVERNMENT? ??
Well i can now see clearly bjp losing 2019 no matter how modiji gives out his mann ki baath,modiji has opened the gates for congress and other national parties,keshav deserved to be cm of UP,all i can predict and say CPI or JDU with alliance shall take over which mean either nithish kumar or yechchuri will become next prime minister of india.
Dont care about papu n party... carry on sir ji
Google pixel vs one plus 3t  Oops nowhere to compare  Its a completely different story
What an intelligently written and unbiased, objective article. NOT. TLDR - Pay the charges  because banks are answerable to shareholders for declining profits and they lend more money if they profit more. Also the opposition of  these charges by the government  ""would have a demoralising effect on banks who supported the government’s demonetisation move and had to handle the resultant mess."" [ Banks did their job once in a blue moon basically]. So if a bank is mismanaged and can't generate enough revenue through lending, it's depositor responsibility to bridge the gap.
This time new spark system they gonna implement i guess thats why they are taking time
Yes Anna is a hypocrite
MadamG....plz ask Ambani regarding missing  money....he will answer you better
Akhtar Miya go work on your English before you comment here?
#Parthasarkar. Ok Then some more criminals come in politics after 10  , 20 yrs,  If some 1 accuse would u say the same story
SS has only got 9 seats extra then  2012 where as BJP won 81 seats compare to 27 in 2012. So the real victory is of Phadanavis not of Uddhav.
Razi Ashraf Just look at your comment. Better change your mindset before more innocents die
Shouldn't the same apply to weddings?
राजनाथ सिंह फिर कहेगा कि हम निन्दा करते हैं डुब मरो सरकार
Lol...hope people get latest news on tax and demonitization exemptions of political parties.... Oh u Modi bhakts
Yes,very true,SP compromised and see where it took them,in garbage dump!!!.😀😀😀
How many times have ur history books been rewritten 😂😂😂😂😂
Ramdev don't teach enmity between the countries. Do some yoga for the control of emotions
you are correct in my view iit is under rated becoz we dont give very good opportunities and research facilities to iitian here in india compared to what they get in devloped nation.
in 1971 the demonetization  move is just like blocking the water tank but now it's like opening the damage don't  compare....
Mediocracy meets perfection, there comments are nothing but Karan's insecurities. She put it on a plate for him, he still doesn't get it. She said comments like these only inspire her to work harder not run away you fool.
This fits Hindu /christians.when githa&bible or scriptures  were written  and their gods did not heard sound of sound systems.. why then all worship  merchandise  shops blaring  -&polluting atmosphere with noise.
If he was Arvind Kejriwal- he would be trolled
In times of crisis u can only save yourself and your family not the entire humanity 😊
We follow your words but your network seams to be very slow. Due to that we are facing more teething issues.
After 50 days will I get 15 lks as promised?
what about ur gujarat massacres ?? remember u peaceful  hindu fanatics right wingers??
seriously  people are fustreted from sp and they want a strong leader... with stable leadership which modi prove himself  in last 3 year...
Tina Basetia  You seemed to be a bhakt i believe , come on yr what does name do.. and the most criminal name of the era is Modi
THANKS BARINDER FOR EARNING PATAKA....YOU R THE REAL ASSET OF CNBC TV 18.......
Vasa Madhukar Never for the wrong reasons. I had stood with him very firmly during Gujarat riots.
O Lala  This is the beginning
Burnol sales on the rise owing to fiberals!
Subhash Shah it means u accept that modi and amit shah r criminals
Congratulations Kangana.....Who is Karan Johar...
U r the best... we proud of u... we r with u ....
Good Cont...& Also middle & lower people wait for acche din,,,,please please
Triple talaq victim??? Or a victim who's in Laws forcing her to abort her child?  2ndly when such a criminal is asking for abortion, shld we expect that he will follow proper rules of islam?  Nd more over Zakia Jafri who's husband died in riots infront of her eyes also seeks justice so will Modi response to her also???
If you haven't seen an educated beast yet you may see Somu Nigam. He is upset with Azaan for two minute but not upset with morning Bhajan for an hour crying by loud speaker all over India. Non of Hindu has complained about Azaan yet while Azaan has been singing in India for thousand of years ago. If Azaan would have been sung at night then it would be wrong but it has been singing in morning time means beginning of day time.    This type of person called an educated beast. He may be literate and hateful person but never be an educated and peaceful. He is Hindu terrorist supporter.
#BJP #Congress are several decades old parties and naturally had a huge fund and resources accumulated... unlike #AAP which is kid party and starting jumping by any way illegal or immoral... but forget that they forgot their basic principal of their existence and stood so low that their god father #Anna started criticising...
Hello. It's not the link that is the problem, it's the RBI site itself. Hopefully should be back soon.
He is real culprit ..why he didn't disclosed all this before his dismissal from AAP, so long as he was continued he will be silent...???
This guy is out of work.  His wife is a khan.  Biwi ki dukaan bhi bnd karaye ga
dengue , malaria , chicken gunya , encephalitis govt spends 10,000 crore .......from pest management for nano technology mosquitos
First of all solve our Indian people's problem which as suffering in money ban... then after have to solve the unemployed people to get job....   till main problem u didn't solve but u Modi. Saying 2022 project... it's impossible to he will pm on 2022..
Hats off to the poor souls sitting in the audience
Reservation seats from different organizations. .. Families of such students thank God for their absence in their homes.
many states have implemented lokoal ..has corruotiin ended?? it was all drama popularised by RSS for its own benifits
Dont look like a bad person atleast in these pics...maybe media overrated that one issue...
Yes ...the other best thing to have happened is that the country and BJP have found a Successor
Anna is a  ""Natak Raja"" !!!
Contribute our money making it 1000 cr hit movie it's good name for India as in  Film industry but not to Indians ..
and what about bhaajaan
Set alarm in your house. Why ring doorbell in other houses?
This is happening in BJP ruled state. Shame on the adminstration
Wow! Indian Express has some serious skills. A gentle reminder to u : BJP in BMC elections: 2002 - 35 seats. 2007 - 28 seats. 2012 - 31 seats. 2017 - 81 seats. Now tell, who's becoming the tiger of Mumbai? 😉
Why always muslim muslim....???    Kashmir is integral part of india......
I am a Hindu can I practice my religion freely in Saudi Arabia?
Army Can be sent to Kashmir when it floods...why it cannot be sent to Chattisgarh to eliminate Moist??
WITH A PROPER EXPLANATION Ie  HOW SUCH HUGE CASH HE CAME TO STORE AT HOME, THE SOURCE, WHY THE SUDDEN SURGE OF HUGE HUGE DISPROPORTIONATE INCOME ? If he had VAILD EXPLANATION and REASONS NOTHING ON EARTH WOULD HAVE STOPPED HIM. BUT THIS IS NOT SO THE CASE HERE any one can say with CONFIDENCE! And OPPOSITION/ RAHUL KEEPS SHOUTING BLACK CASH PEOPLE ARE GOING SCOT FREE!! HA HA HA!.
Well play ""intra day' . You will surely lose all your capital. Then watch her peacefully without blaming her.
Doucett Black.  “There are two ways to be fooled. One is to believe what isn’t true; the other is to refuse to accept what is true.” ~ Soren Kierkegaard.
Guys wait let me grab my beef burger...!
Governor called but Singh was honeymooning with his wife in Goa, phone was switched off poor chap.
He has gone old. So don't give importance to him. His own party has left him
Ull see soon..  N be ready to appologise ..when u get proved wrong....  Be sincere to apologise when u r proved wrong in nxt 8 month
Kunal Gawri jio on an average 16 mbps
Decision is correct but execution is not so good, a proper planning with correct execution would have been good.
There was  also a huge number of letters written by women to Modi on ALCOHOL BAN that has RUINED  the FAMILIES  of several women. Did Modi ban alcohol ???
Marks philosophy has new significance ?? RUBBISH. 34 Countries tried for nearly 70 years and proved to be stupid. Now 29 Countries got freed from Communism. Only 5 Countries are remaining. In India West Bengal after 34 year Communist rule proved to be a failure.
Why isnt Anna asking BJP to implement Lok pal bill ? Why isnt he doing any fast to force Bjp to get back black money from swiss banks ? Anna did all the drama to remove congress but not to change the system.
At the time of prophet Muhammad there was no electricity.. so no loudspeaker.. Then why today
Guys Bajaj is Indian company y should we sing other song sing Indian songs
Benami transactions act should be implemented from 1 January only........surgical strike on gold should be done
Sorry dear, our Feku is going to celebrate Nawas Shariff birthday in Lahore.
Whom u r addressing to....?? Be specific
Who will be be headeding 100 Pakistani soldiers?? TV channel? Or through Yoga
dont b so happy Indian express.. watch till end😂😂😂
old news ...do you guys eat old food ...go go get some hot news swiss bank swept already --clean india movement by our prime minister
Govt must take action , provide pansion and other  monetary benifits
He is coward
..but govt want to take control over supreme court.. Will lokpal be effective if that happens..
http://indianexpress.com/article/india/fatwa-issued-against-reality-singing-star-nahid-afrin-by-42-clerics-4569825/    Dear Indian Express, I feel sorry to write that your journalists are out there to misinterpret events and present them in a distorted manner just to make some sensational headlines. The news about upcoming singer Nahid Afreen has been prepared without proper research and investigation. It was very sad to see that your journalists don't even know the difference between fatwa and appeal.  A fatwa is a non-binding legal opinion issued only by a qualified jurist (Mufti) on a request by someone who is unable to understand religious guidelines whereas the leaflet that is being circulated and presented as Fatwa is just a hard copy of an appeal signed by 46 men who believe in religious practices. The merit of appeal can be discussed on many grounds and in many dimensions but first and foremost, an appeal can not be called a legal opinion (Fatwa).  We expect apology from your side for such a mistake.
... Why would this Muslim country ban people from other Muslim countries. ????    ... BECAUSE THEY KNOW THERE IS A REAL DANGER !!!      ... SUPPORT YOUR PRESIDENT !!!    🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸
INDIAN express is now BELOW STANDARD
but then we know where america stands today. whistle blower !
Maulana is right,,,,,, it seems he understands Muslims very well,,,, he is not believing in Muslims knowing that the radical attitude of Muslims will never change irrespective of his education
WHEN YOUR TIME IS OVER I MEAN DEATH,WHEN ANGEL ASK YOU
Every IT company has a client profile unique to itself. If Infy and TCS were treated as market leaders to even WIPRO then it was and is wrong. INFY and TCS need not and should not rally with WIPRO rally. Market reaction will be company specific in a matured market. There's no fooling thru market or cheer leaders,,
Sirji you JUST concentrate on game not on audiences..bcoz they make noise always.
Where were the rakshaks???
And you P Vijayan aginst humanity
Madhya Pradesh: Dogs Eat Up Patient's Body In Govt. Hospital
Be prepared for more and more harassment, more and more unproductive compliances and more and more taxes. The poor citizens of India will be screwed by the bureaucrats from Central and State.
Engine says its a cruiser..  Body says no i am not a Cruiser..  Then what am i???  All the Best..  For thinking that this will compete with Royal Enfield....
After twin tower bombed Indians never said do we belong here in America
Indians are not serious about corruption!
you mean confusing DeMo to confuse the nation left him confused .
Care for cows, dogs n even cats but not humans who are not hindu. This mann ki baat wud ve been much more interesting if only animals followed religion too 🤣
Heading should be..Owaisi huge loss..pseudo secularism rejected. 😂😂
Vrinda Singh I don't know what I dislike her more for, flaunting her privilege or speaking of puppies like they're second class beings 😑😑
Revenge........Don't Discuss on news only do something otherwise today they entered 200 ms next will be Delhi.
#BJP please be aware that you don't get yourselves shutdown in Kerala in this process 😂😂😂😂
Soon a day will come when pillion seat will just be on the top of rider.
Niraj Kumar don't try to change bands manually, let the phone choose the best available band automatically...That's the safest bet.
If only hard work is the benchmark, donkeys would have then ruling the world. Hard work without brains is what donkeys really do.
Delhi Police can't update itself as those politicians use to do so quickly . Khaki ! Irani has been removed from HRD .. Bassi is light year away .. Courts have no cases against boys .. But mindless will stay dumb as ever .
The person grows three times faster than the company; a disproportionate part of the profits goes to rewarding the capital than those who sacrificed their lives to make the company successful, and a slick marketing campaign to make it appear as if the meagre amounts of money set apart for a family run trust are ""philanthropy"".  What hollow pride...
Nobody have insulted ur Hindu god its jyst hypocrasy shown in the film. Problem is not in the movie but a hatred towards Amir khan
No body want to Indian population to Suffer. But Dr. DEMONetisation is laughing when Indian population are SUFFERING.
Is management and marketing team ko award of the year
Congress is bankrupt....they need to identify and develop new and young leaders...
Who cares about corruption? We have more important issues like beef!
Stringent action must be initiated against bank employees who have been found guilty
Always compare and disrespect another person's achievements... well done lad...
Ufff enough talking about this girl..  Everything is publicitystunt befor Bihu..
Obviously to appreciate Harvard education or Nobel prize you need a little bit education !
I can see some beggars comment asking for 15 lakhs?? What a Shame
No need for any clarification. Since you are Bollywood celebrity ; yours only religion is name, fame and money . Now please eat donkey's meat and put it on social media.
You r right meera that being whatever you want is your choice ...The same way many women feel that working at office and fulfilling their dreams makes them happy ...Not every one is happy being a home maker ...And not every one is happy being a working mother so it depends on circumstances and choices we want for better life
Yes.. In between another new initiative will come then you will be able to forget this one.  😂 Actually he got his share of 15lacs from Swiss bank so he wants to distribute among bhakts
Modi is great. He does his homework very well and think for Indian common man.Keepit u we are not with you sir.
Disgusting, pyjama chaap throwing around his weight
How could this govt. issue new Rs 2000 notes without any legistlation.Section 24(1) of the Reserve Bank of India Act provides exquisite denomination of currency notes.
He has right to make complain about anything, that's true it's noise or sound pollution so far. Some of you are written that giving them respect without making complain. In Europe, they won't creat sound from religious institutions. It does mean also they respect each of them. Moreover it depends how civilized you are the way you living your life more than religion. Religion doesn't make you great human if you are not yourself . You must hear song or music and it doesn't bother you rarely Azan does. I would say, from all religious institutions right now to stop making noise or pollution, not particularly Azan. Pray for your God deeply without bothering or annoying someone. Over thousand year religion brings war more than peace remember dumb religious.
shubhra Gupta the biased psychotic cursed creature
Seriously? Bheem with those fat hands?
People will judge. Y we have to behave like arnab Goswamy way. Influencing people's mind by shouting and going only one side. People voted modi people need to decide good or bad by there own experience.
Are u aware of the type of new note? It hs a radio chip n can be tracked.
Give scholarships and incentives to weaker section of the society and not reservation. Let merit prevail.
Reminds me of Chemical Ali in the Gulf War! Always denying....
http://indianexpress.com/article/india/fatwa-issued-against-reality-singing-star-nahid-afrin-by-42-clerics-4569825/  Dear Indian Express, I feel sorry to write that your journalists are out there to misinterpret events and present them in a distorted manner just to make some sensational headlines. The news about upcoming singer Nahid Afreen has been prepared without proper research and investigation. It was very sad to see that your journalists don't even know the difference between fatwa and appeal.  A fatwa is a non-binding legal opinion issued only by a qualified jurist (Mufti) on a request by someone who is unable to understand religious guidelines whereas the leaflet that is being circulated and presented as Fatwa is just a hard copy of an appeal signed by 46 men who believe in religious practices. The merit of appeal can be discussed on many grounds and in many dimensions but first and foremost, an appeal can not be called a legal opinion (Fatwa).  We expect apology from your side for such a mistake
don't try to cover ur mistakes by using rss name
Sir plz help but common people now they are really in problem..dont let their hope die
Pity this woman anything to survive
Where is this old creature
He turning out into a cheap joke. Trying desperately to remain in the limelight.
Difference between the ideologies of two parties. AAP- JanLokpal BJP- Har Har Modi AAP- RTI BJP- Har Har Modi AAP- Transparency In Funds BJP- Har Har Modi AAP- No Criminals In Politics  BJP- Har Har Modi AAP- Swaraj  BJP- Har Har Modi AAP- Clean Politics  BJP- Har Har Modi AAP- Gas Prices, Petrol, Electricity, Water, CNG? BJP- Har Har Modi AAP- Accountabilty BJP- Har Har Modi AAP- FDI, ambani, adnani? BJP- Har Har Modi AAP- Congress, Rahul, shiela, Mulayam, Mayawati, Yedurappa  BJP- Har Har Modi AAP- Jai Hind BJP-Har Har Modi
Standing ovation to him for reminding us legalized plunder and organized  loot like 2G, Coal, CWG scams :P
Bjp man
Is this another managed story,just to defame DT??? When it's journalism, anything is possible!!!
Joke of the day from a joker from Jokistan. Couldn't stop laughing. 😂😂😂😂😂
U didn't talk when u had ur chance! Now don't talk when u lost ur chance
Our netas will do kadi ninda , they don't have guts to take action, we understand they are not man enough, in next meeting u will see our netas  in saree and bangles
questions for people with common sense from nilesh - Why isnt Anna asking BJP to implement Lok pal bill ? Why isnt he doing any fast to force Bjp to get back black money from swiss banks ? Anna did all the drama to remove congress but not to change the system.
Ab sp will lecture about law and order....thats hilarious
When Congress in ruling Modiji always talking about soldiers death what happened now.
Mr.Hazard you don't join Aap  and remain in your ideological party.
Vasa Madhukar He has been speaking so many things. I am waiting for the performance.
New Uttar Pradesh Restaurant ( India ) 2017.....  100% Vegetarian.....  Menu - Veg Beef (Buffalo) - Not Available Veg Fish - Available Veg Chicken - Available Veg Mutton - Available Veg Egg - Available Veg Whiskey - Available Veg Tobacco - Available  Free Home Delivery on 4G Mode  Cheers..... Enjoy......
Its Same Old trick. Raising voice aganist BJP makes you antinational.
Fear that time when no azaan is prayed in the fajr , then you ll know why fajr azaan was the most important.
May b he shud take a break tour to pak wit iyer.
A communist trying to convince himself that he and his ideal are still relevant?
What happened to to him he is looking weak depressed
Annaji, with due respect remember lokpal, you had disappointed entire country.
haha INDIAN ARMY fighting war in songs and movies.
India is a Hindu country, don't be under any illusions
Those who are against demonization may be illiterate or don't know how to make life simple using card.
Respect is mutual...It won't come from one side or through appeasement
Who is going to be affected, he wil bark, but not a common man. Digital India is possible from Modi Ji alone. Dream is coming true.
I think anna is bjp agent.he never said aganest bjp
see all the common man after from today 45days than I agree with you, still in india 50% people do no what is money now they will know atleat what is money were it comes and how to handle it. only rich people becoming richest and they all know the technology updation what about poor you want all poor should be poor for ever and please allow them to go bank and they are 1000 of scheme for them announced by govt not only NDA even UPA it never reached them atleast now it reach them
No sir you are all ready member RRS
the problem is not with the idea of Demonetization. it was rather overdue since 71. the problem is due to shortage of smaller denominations.. which is partially attributed to the new size of 2000₹ note
Modi Ji, everything is not for sale in India. These missiles are strategic weapons and should not be sold to other countries. Money is not everything and some things are more valuable than money.
There were a fear of isi now here comes BAT
They have been planning to divide India in to ten parts for. Last hundred years. However succeeded in dividing in 3 parts.
What trust vote without opposition party??
It's Majority vs Minority Game .... If u don't want game don't play ..As simple as that...
First protect us(public), then you go for.............. .
How do u intend to deal hackers and secure these transactions.
Black day for TN
Brave woman.... India is a difficult place for woman....
He should shift his home to Himalayas..... There would be no cacophony...Only euphony of birds chirping... Becoz he will not be allowed to spread such intolerance and hatred for other religious beliefs in a secular and diverse country like India.
#ExpressOpinion The Congress alliance, which receives maximum Muslim electoral support at the all-India level, interestingly, managed only 11 per cent Muslim votes in UP.
The power baby DOMINAR is going to come on earth, of course they try to make it special
Or Raj Thackeray the PM
Bhaijan please bring cash from Swiss banks , I am waiting for past 2 1/2 year's will get 15 lakhs, but u given babaji ka Tulu... to everyone ... BC
I don't think you can debate Yogi on Hinduism and/or Indian politics. How did you know that he is a goon, did you belong to his group or what, how do you prove that you are not a goon as well? Modi can never select a goon for CM for the largest state of India.
This is the Jamuna Tehzeeb waiting for Indians.
I guess NDTV so confused ... the difference between Billions and Millions... 🤔
what this stupid person is he? his house is almost  2.6km far from the mosque he only want peoples for attraction but he dont know he lost million of his muslim fans with his 3 tweets only so ......................................................?
sir they are professional in dividing people they paid for it they all are pakistani isi agent
Exactly..so in an indirect way she wants to say mothers who do spend only a few hours with their kids treat them as one! That's the direct interpretation that you get..very offensive words for every working mother out there
Those released on Saturday ask: ‘Why are we being treated like criminals?’
Sultan ji, I m from Assam, India. Here at our Shiv puja committee, the chairman is a musalman friend of mine.           We may be from different culture, but we dont see things your way.
Politicians only believe in phote sessions they never try to uplift & development of boards,  organisations, players including
Then marketing still has the mojo that means! #ChooseMarketingOverFinance :P
Burn burn burn! :D
Those who lost credibility because of corruption now pointing fingers at Honest CM. First see at yourself what Congress have done in MCD along with BJP. Nobody knows are you there in MCD or not for 20 years? Never raise any issue for public cause. just hand in glove with bjp. Now there comes AAP so both bjp & cong want to show goodness & honesty.
I am also living beside Temple, we have not create such a thing in mind,we Muslim respect all religion ,we don't thing that's bhajans, are disturbing us,
Mira.. Please don't even think of bringing a dog 🐶home ever, as spending one hour a day with him would be inhumane and disgusting.  Also a pup 🐶needs almost the same amount of attention as a human child. Says who? Says a proud owner and irrevocable lover of dogs.
No because I neither share anything and everything without verifying/ understanding the fact (example farmer ready to drink urine owned Audi and 100 acre land)  Anyways being fair you should have first answered then questioned. But it's understood why you avoid certain questions
is this a Drama launch or a Bike launch ?
Why Muslim people don't like PM Modi. What's theirs problem?
Who cares about fatwa. Fatwa has no role in our legal system. Any fatwa against a citizen is supari and threat.
Provide shelter to terrorist..A person who's entry was banned in UK nd US cz of murder of thousands of Muslims is talking about terrorists nd terrorism
This guy obviously voted for Modi now let him repent at leisure
What is the use of naxalies in the country though they enemy of the soldiers... Why don't the government act for the complete vanish of naxalies.
Even Justin Bieber didnt get so much hate xD bajaj plx
It's true but our government will never understand, they will spend crores to advertise MakeInIndia bur will not focus on the key issues of Infrastructure and policies for ease of MakeInIndia
that's bhajan not disturbing you coz it's in India..but it would be harmful for you if you living in Pakistan, Bangladesh, Iran,Arab etc country !! So stop your secular behavior !! He didn't tell to stop Azan or Arti but he just said that you don't do it in mike with high sound in morning !!    But so many sickular's turning it into communal comment !!
Anna Hazare ji, aap chunaav ke samay hi kyon jaagte ho? Arvind Kejriwal, unlike you has come out in the open and is fighting with the system whereas you from the comforts of your village do not have the guts to match your chela and just criticise without doing anything meaningful.  You were our hero once upon a time but today- you are just one of those who left the battlefield to save your skin and basque in flattery and jhoothi glory... :-/
You are Already joined​ BJP Mr. Hazare
BJP Agent..
Modi sir i  support  u nd those all who r against u they r jokers
Cashless is best decision result will be seen after total cashless Govt servant will suffer while demanding bribe
Wow. If this happen i too will have my own soon.
I won't support this sudden change why they need to do sudden change
Bring down prices... govt.need to assess valuation of these properties...a 700sqft flat cannot be costing 80lakhs +.. consumers are shelling out lifetime savings on pig stys
My son this is not 1971 and a brigade of our army is not combatting with the cowards of a whole country...  Its basically party time...  Punjab,  Nagaland, Assam and Kashmir will be separated
hahahahaha brilliant. was wondering why i keep getting wound up
its her fault she is not here to make any minister happy she should have scoulded that mla badly bcoz she has came on that position by working hard and how ministers come we all know ... IPS is not a joke it is one of the highest job in india
Despite fare increases, Dynamic pricing !
The high handedness of such politicians speaks of their character . The person who can create a scene for not getting Executive class seat can commit any crime if allowed to travel in general class in train .They are not fit for representing Indian people who are poor in general .
We shud salute this brave n nationalist man.it is a lesson to all.Communalists shud refrain to paint the Indian Muslims in bad colour.
RIP airtel, idea, Vodafone  😂 😂 😂 😂 😂 😂
Demonetisation has made all depositors to stand in long queues,begging banks to draw cash from their own accounts.This is the reality. But, 4.7 crores of new 2000/= notes was caught red-handed from an  individual in Bangalore. Does it not show the total failure of  the conditions, imposed by RBI &govt.?
RSS always supported British that is why they follow divide and rule now. Gandhiji assassination is it justified?
People needs some incubment  from younger  generation instead old ornamental spineless to  the coveted post.modi should show some body miracle  rather old practice.
Mr Shirish Kunder you may not know, but we made a man PM in 2014 with even better credibility than Aditya Nath and he has been behaving since then, at least he didn't participate in any riots. So, we have taken the similar chance here as well. Also, your suggestion all makes sense, making Dawood CBI chief, make him behave as well :V
Koi nai soch reha h apeny desh ki sab neta apny kud he ki soch reh WA modi ji
Hopefully the people will realise the betrayal perpetrated on them. The state of Tamil Naadu is now ruled by a bunch of money grabbers whose head honcho is in jail for the offense of ill begotten wealth. Poverty has not been addressed. Is a TV and mixee adequate comprise for a vote? Time to reject these politicians and move to a new future. POLITICIANS NEVER GUARANTEE OUR FUTURE, ONLY THEIR OWN.
BJP has won 82 seats not 80
And your manifesto says you will abolish income tax . So what's the point
Hazare is a stooge of RSS
Today i went to a pathologist  for blood test I asked him for digital payment first that doctor Denied for e payment i said him now a days a hawker is also accepting the digital payment. Y u r not accepting u r a doctor educated person. He was so ashamed and admitted and accepted my pay tm wallet payment. Thanks modiji
Wake up and stand by him going to change the life of many poor people
^^kamlesh where is my 15 lakh as promised by our PM that if black money is brought back?
we (mango aadmi) already have less-cash Sir ...no need to become :D
@ Abhay Singh Have you heard about phoenix bird rising from the ashes...? GOOD LUCK MAN...🙂 FROM KERALA - A PROUD COMRADE
People who speak against India amd support minorities talking against Hindus are seculars and people like modi who wants to see all as one irrespective of caste,creed,religions are non seculars.What a pathetic situation.
After this kejriwal is goinh to resign and have a fair elections. Because EVM is faulty and he won his election because of faulty EVM. Andolan karo kejriwal. We are with you.
If Manoj Tiwari did it intentionally then he is learning from kejri how to win Delhi elections 😂
Clearly not read history,only some distorted form of it serving a particular section. I wonder whether the real struggle of Indian Independence would remain intact for coming generation to know what inspired it. India turning into a reluctant democracy with a rider
Reservation is like another form of terrorism
Belated valentine rose to the guy he slapped with his slipper.
There is no need to give a statement after doing such a bit of work. You know what kind of person you are. You can not even find a place in hell.
Why Indian express keeping silence on bjp incredible win?
We are still paying for the mistakes of Gandhiji and Nehru,the same very day Pakistan proclaimed to be a Muslim nation,we should have declared ourselves as a Hindu nation.
Waiting for world war -|||  No earth No crime. No root  No fruit. No tree No flute. No religion No enmity.  #Freethinker
Don't encourage youth for rash driving. You idiots make sale but people loose lives. Just check with the records number of bike accident take place in India.
Hahahaha, What made you think I am Pakistani? My difference of Opinion? Grow up Kid.
It's open jungle Raaz.
First check d brain of digvijay singh and rahul baba😂😂😂😂😂
Bhakts were never interested.
Where is INTOLERANT BRIGADE no call for hartal no bandhs  is nobody ready to annoy Saudis .
Superb.... Hw media twisted d whole situation in d favour of left organisations nd against right wings, resulting in abusing of the government....  BJP is winning d election but they r not ablebto manage media.....
Sir do your welcome party ..Indian Soldigers r killing in Indin border..
He has got to be much better than this!!! Planning and level headedness need to be introduced.
Indo-pak ...can exist as a country only until they hate each other
Award giving committee also consist of JNU supporters only. They say you are named on award giving committee only if you are giving award to JNU only.
This man once said, take out dead Muslim women and rape their body, irony to have such CM in a largest democracy
Fail to address the parliament now addressing bjp park party
Girish Rajani according to the population survey you people are 80% & we are 14% till 2080 we will be minorities.
Ok what about the current situation do not dig the past do something to improve the current.
I don't understand why ppl are congratulating Kangana! If complaining and being rude is considered brave and outspoken then there is something wrong! It's KJOs choice to decide who he wants in his movies! He probably doesn't want to cast her for this very reason of she playing the victim card endlessly and blaming everybody!
Certainly it is directed to all religions... Curb noise pollution
Even you should be ashamed of ur mentality for blaming a any person by seeing his ancestors...
lets face it,its an age of hype and fake with ABSOLUTE ZERO INVENTION..FORGET INNOVATION...
But I don't think Modi, Amit Shah and  Jaitly  team will allow her  to be a minister for a long time.  Now that Advani and Joshi are more or less out from the candidature from President election due to ayodhya case she may be given a chance as an eye wash
Hazare shaab..Now your party is ruling and u can't find Corruption ...???? you may get up 2019 for next protest.. until you can continue your sleep
It's better to leave this fellow to seat in BJP's chair if he is allowed. Now even Bhakts are not interested.
Pak seems to deliberately invite Indian Army for a surgical strike to trap our SF . The recent incessant provocation is part of a preplanned trap, to let down us globally. Indian Army Chief must be cautious to undertake yet another  surgical strikes. Strikes r must ...but execute the way beyond their expectations..Of course we can.....
Competition for royal Enfield, OMG ha hahaha, who cares, both the companies are losers, bajaj can't even manufacture their own engines
That's our govt hospitals  but if u pay the bribes u will get royal treatment after death also
This PM doesn't give respect to house n democracy finally people . Hitler style n India will std.
This is not the destination, it's a journey & many jokers would have to be left behind to keep the sanity of governance. People who cry foul are either affected or have despicable ideas.
https://www.facebook.com/Vibrant.News.Hyderabad/videos/vb.782624795112634/1458550857520021/?type=2&theater  May I suggest you to Please read this report , If by ""appeasement"" you mean appeasement to mulism's. Who are the most backward section in this country.Muslim's. Reason's you ask? Communal prejudice, Ghettoisation ,Repeated Persecution.etc  Just for your information Muslim's are even more backward than Dalits,SC's,ST's even Non-Hindu SC/ST(Tribal's).In fact the backward,poorest and ghettoised community in India are Muslim's. When issues of these communities are bought in parliament no one objects.Ex Jat's,Patel,Tamil,SC's,Dalit,zoroastrian,Sikh , but if you talk about the conditions of Indian citizens who happen to be Muslim then its appeasement who constitute 14.2% of India's population.
Opposition is opposing coz they are sitting there to oppose whether it is right or wrong. They have shut their eyes & Mind.
Uncle your religion came into existence just 2000 years ago our is here for last 10 thousand years if we had hatred we wouldn't have existed this long
Woh accept Karey Naa karey tumhein kya  pareshaani hai aur kuch kaam nahi hai kya tumhare pass
hey guys he doing a really great job only thing is we thinking of present but not future.
Let us change to T10 format!!! I am sure it has something to do be SRK, since sugar daddy is on the run!!!
Reservation to patidars & jats & saffron terrorism in india
Wat u think sonu don.t angry wth  hindu
Poisonous gas inhaling lead to death of seven workers in Maharashtra
This is chreetig......
But, who nurtured AK ?
Political parties are allowed to deposit old notes. .they are exempted why?
Ya that's the point .. no point in wasting time arguing with headstrong and egoistic ladies like you mam.god bless your husband
Ignore him.
How we should know which good or bad .... Government also take action on that
Please attack Pakistan massively in the same manner the way they love to do so
sry sir but i have wasted my first vote for u
Anna hazare is fixated only with Kejriwal and no other burning issues is important to this Sanghi's duplicate Gandhi avatar!!!
Manumasti chapter 420 we was eating before and now we stop eating beef and so our revised 420 thoughts will force other community should also to be stop eating beef in democray india.!
If people dont support and think he is not a good PM  Then who do you want to be PM  The chota bheem lover Rahul So that he can telecast chota bheem on DD😂 Or Kejriwal to Blame Trump or Putin on India's failure
moral ethos, ethics and values!! hmm whose? every morning in the newspapers, I take note of the moral ethos, ethics and values of people!
Send gau Rakshk... I think they can track down terrorists
Fatwa not issued ! Fake news
And at the time of your god there was loudspeaker that you are playing daily bhajan in loudspeaker , well done bro! Your thinking capacity is too high😛 !
go and file case man y to disturb people and blackmail aap as kumar viswas did
Only bashans no work
http://indianexpress.com/article/india/fatwa-issued-against-reality-singing-star-nahid-afrin-by-42-clerics-4569825/  Dear Indian Express, I feel sorry to write that your journalists are out there to misinterpret events and present them in a distorted manner just to make some sensational headlines. The news about upcoming singer Nahid Afreen has been prepared without proper research and investigation. It was very sad to see that your journalists don't even know the difference between fatwa and appeal.  A fatwa is a non-binding legal opinion issued only by a qualified jurist (Mufti) on a request by someone who is unable to understand religious guidelines whereas the leaflet that is being circulated and presented as Fatwa is just a hard copy of an appeal signed by 46 men who believe in religious practices. The merit of appeal can be discussed on many grounds and in many dimensions but first and foremost, an appeal can not be called a legal opinion (Fatwa).  We expect apology from your side for such a mistake
Fake gdp
Amitj Aggar Dear Sir, this is a matter of choice as suggested by you to avoid mistaken identity. Pl let people apply your formula and than see the result.
Finally corrupt peoples are offering bribes to gods for save them from the  money demonisation scheme. BTW GOD IS NOT LISTENING THEN.
BJP agent
He is a BJP ian.
This is news nothing related to religion.. since u know English.. y don't u go through the post.. by ur comment it seems u celebrate when someone steals something from ur home.. great country..
People writing in favour of this ad featuring Sunny Leone giving STD awareness etc are forgetting/silent on the ""Flavour"" part of the Ad! I need not explain the ""Flavour"" and indecency interconnection.
When computer  is come in india at that time bjp against  . Now then f...k india . U ban note but thats good but with come manner. 90 to above  people die who is responsible.
Request to Pak Army plz fire atom bomb to the border. Then no one remain alive to blame violation.
NDTV Barkha the congress mirasis has contributed towards change.trp of scam products is zero.manipulating bouquets.let us see ur trp if ur channel is on charge to listeners basis.
Waw, so some news papers decide, narrative. Why u guys jumping gun. Plz don't forget Americans voted to Donald Trump inspite of so much narrative against him. Don't decide & paint with your own imaginations, time will decide.
Come on bajaj. There's a bike to launch. Cut the trash
I like this act. But what i dont like is, the new money is again going to wrong pockets. We are struggling to get one 2000 rs note after standing in a huge line for hours. But all the  big shots are getting money to their homes directly from the bank. what the hell is really going with the RBI and banks.
@Sanjiv At least be original. How much do you get paid to just sit down and copy paste comments? So sad! 🤣
Now ""brave ""indian army is again ready fr surgical strike ...
This is because of ignorance and illeterate.law is there bcz of triple talaq happening. It is hapening bcz of ignorance  and illeteracy.
Secularism has looted India from 60 years  Let's have taste of Hinduism for few years
STOP JUST TALKING ABOUT THIS mulitation. THIS IS TIME TO ACT AGAINST PAKISTAN. WE WILL HAVE TO SEND THEM A STRICT MESSAGE OF OUR ANGRYNESS. OTHER WISE THIS WILL CONTINUE FROM OTHER SIDE. WE HAVE TO FIND A NEW WAY TO TEACH THEM GOOD LESSION BCZ THIS IS CHRONIC PROBLEM.
In spite of so much trouble due to cash unavailibility,  we ll atand with you always.
Yellow journalism..
Modi ji, u have done great job but bankers r spoiling ur deam by giving crores of Rupees to politicians n business man tat hurts common man.
imagine of someone posted 'nazism' or 'fascism' for the futtre. pathetic
Shameful on the part of shiv Sena to not act upon the mis behavior of the MP who abused and assaulted air India personnel and now tweaking the entire incident.  Good reply by aviation minister gajapati Raju.
And send Pakistan sldrs to nidhi agarwalz home ... false flag
A Question of Order India, Turkey, and the Return of Strongmen  What happens when a democratically elected leader evolves into an authoritarian ruler, limiting press freedom, civil liberties and religious and ethnic tolerance?  India and Turkey are two of the world’s biggest democracies—multi-ethnic nations that rose from their imperial past to be founded on the values of modernity. They have fair elections, open markets, and freedom of religion.  Yet this is an account of how the charismatic strongmen Narendra Modi, in India, and Recep Tayyip Erdoğan, in Turkey, used the power they had won as elected heads of state to push their countries toward authoritarian ways.
Serious issue thanks to shewag responded immediately. Politics entered in education system. It is serious thing. Nobody condemning for their own interests. Future of Indian youngest generation will be dark due to poison thinking. Is these are ache din.
Jagran also a very much noisy
Navaratri and ganesh chaturthy dont gappen 5 times i a day dear.
Does the cow protection movement also include murdering people Mrs. Nirmala sitaraman? Or is it the government's job to punish accusers? R we still fighting the freedom struggle? Or are we  today citizens of an independent democracy better known as india? Worship the cow dont kill it its holy and we consider her as our mother. But we also love and respect our fellow Indians they r our brothers and we expect justice for our brother(pehlu khan, a dairy farmer) and his family for this brutal murder is broad day light. So I urge the government to condemn this act and to ensure justice is given to those who deserve it before Indians of free and independent india lose faith in their democracy and its justice system. Humble request as a citizen belonging to the majoritarian group
Sycophancy is the order of the day
You are right sir... Derivates i feel is like gambling...
Tital itself is biased. India has been subjected to minoritiesm in the name of secularism. Now India is only restoring secularism!
Rahul What's your address? I'll send some burnol right away!
Pakistan is a charity case anyways , but they only accept gift from there master .
Why he won't speak about BJP corruption or those who join BJP and earlier on his side  such Kiren Bedi, VK sing etc it look Anna main aim was to remove congress from power not corruption and lokpal
In ground reality rabbi has created lots of prob due to pricing issue
I strongly appose forced religiousness either Muslims or Hindu.
It's not hatred, just asking why did Hindus had to leave Kashmir. Sonu has just said that there should not be forced religion, in every locality Azaan is there on the loud speakers & very few temples play loudspeakers. In maximum no. Love Marriages, Only Hindu boy or girl have to change their religion & convert into Muslim.
There was no fatwa and it has been confirmed... People are being misled by media... Only NDTV had the guts to apologize for this and clarify that it was only an appeal.
Well safe to say that not many women marry at 21 and have a baby soon thereafter.  And have the income to stay home with them. But good for her though she shouldn't knock down other people like she seems to do in this article.
He should be barred from Indian railways too. Isolate him. Who knows on next day he may start abusing TC or pantry people in railway. This should be done with everybody who misuse their power.
Plz forgive him he is national ist not some one from minority or opposition
Vermula karthik i am living proof of a malayali hindu eating beef... :)
Why not..go for it.. Let there also be rule that when bank ATM is out of CSH or not in service, bank pays the customer in return the same transaction amount. Secondly if customer goes to Bank and if there server is down, let banks pay 8% interest for month than regular 4% for that month. Seems like a win win for both banks and customers.
Sonu nigam doing his job as said by bjp..
Prithvi Setty and see where the ""due process of law"" has brought India, poverty, unemployment, crime and what not.
Ashis Kumar come and visit turkey still Indian Bollywood shoot there movies because there know here pepole not doing toilets one the street
Dear India will u again label today's valley wide protests as paid and ignited by Pakistan via Social media. Will u again label all the students having received 500 or 1000 INR to protest today on the stake of their career. Come on grow up talk it's too late. The situation is worth attention catching.
Sonu Nigam started his career singing at Jagarans.....did he ever care how many people had to go sleepless nights because he was singing bhajans all night........Now that Azaan has suddenly brought enlightenment upon him.....He should also speak against use of loudspeakers at Mandirs, Gurudwara, concerts.....they all create disturbance....
If still bjp want to be in government should take strong action against Natalie.
Completely wrong,  ATM out of cash is the ground reality.....you pleople are lieing all around
The whole village would have been there to save him Only if he was a cow!
Riya Biswas who is saying there's silence for one? If there is then the silence is for the poor victims which muzzrats burnt in that train. And the world doesn't care about when the victims react to the oppressor. Muzzrats started it
What happened to breaking a coconut ! It was much simple and quick
Whenever a country is based on helping the poor people.. god only should save that country.. it should be for the upliftment of the poor.  No deep thinking.  Only superficial..
We want bike not this hair losser from side guy
Terrorists like Gaurakshaks who wont be mentioned bcoz tat wat gains votes for PM's party.
Truely very sad such a young life to be taken away so soon.
Some comments are criticizing Anna instead of Kejriwal.  What a mentality.
Work of a news paper is to provide information not to judge anybody on their own and then make people accept that judgement. But sadly all newspapers and TV news channels in India behaves like supreme court . They will have their own judgement on every topic.
Shayad se yeh 2 channels opposition se managed nai hue to usse BJP managed bata diya....
Well said sir it will becme and pekku modi baktha vill be lyk dog
I respect mira, her choices, homemakers a lot but she shouldn't insult working women who continue jobs after marriage and kids. Every mother loves her kids, everyone's situation,dreams,conditions, methods are different. Crores of middleclass wo.en work by choice,some by situation,they dont think they are dog mothers,their kids will punch if someone insulted their mothers hard work by this way. These days Kids are independent,tough so does mothers . Everyone has right to make their career,follow dreams,goals,passions, families these days help working women in chores and childcare.
Go back n open tea stall. ..u don't deserve to rule this country
So the cmo has no right to interfere as to why the ambulance is not being provided.
who will take a right decision when a common people purchase a drug of a chemist shop which is the better drug or chemical composition is better.
Does everyone has to sing like this before they buy this bbike ???
Who cares you. you old man.
Respect our beloved PM Modi...  Haters buy burnol and apply...  He will remain our beloved PM for next term as well...
Yes still coma or in dream
Do you give equal rights to Hindus? what percent Hindus are left in your country since 1947?
Asrar, I said all religions. See I have problems with anyone using loudspeakers be it temple or mosque. Be it azan aur Navratri. 2 wrongs don't make a right. If anyone want to pray, he/she can very well go into his or her religious premise. If he or she wants to pray at home, use technology. I have problems with 5 minutes azan and 5 days of Hindu festival loudspeakers.
So inspite of so much increase In fares
Priyanka Chopra looking awesome,, with new dress,,, ,,, 👍👍👍 Deepika wearing nighty dress 😂😂😂
Basically Neerat, choices should be respected, whatever they are. No one is lesser be it a homemaker or a woman who manages both work and home.  Her saying, ""Misha isn't a puppy and I won't leave her alone"" portrays working women as having fun when they step out of their homes.  Besides these days everyone has a problem with everything. :D
Opponent wish to just be on the line light & create cheos in the country
We are waisting lot of time for quoting old governments. Stop that
I dont get it how India is priority for India? ? U 1st launched in USA... and its 2500 costlier then USA price and 2000 costlier then HK price ... y india has to pay 2500 extra?? How India has priority? I hope u wont avoid this q....
Where is owaisi and mamta begum now?
We have given chance to corrupt govt for decade's. It is right time to give chance to right regime govt with good visionary steps
This is not intolerant country we are living and we know very    You don't tell from other countries.     We people very happy n don't need your suggestions  Thank you.
All drama. Even Modi dragged her mother in this for sympathy(empathy)
indians are with indian army plz do something show wt is india .....
Now hard reality coming with common people ...feeling sad 😟
What about the block money with big people viz MPs beurocrats industrialists modiji
I'm here to read rss support comments and laugh hard...
Agree..
He is 9th powerful man in the world dont forget it everyone
The main problem of this county is media, especially news channels. All channels belongs to any political party and today we are not able to watch any news on news channels because they are pets of political parties
Shewag is 100% true , before any one takes a dig at him remember Dawood father was a police man , but he didn't Inherit his father's qualities
Drammebaj, Annaji. You ran from battlefield when in job and then misled people on black money, Lok Pal. What is your standing now?
When govt doesn't care about employment then Indians flee to foreign countries for work... We are bound to bear this all
Only supporter of bjp annaji
That terrorist father had accepted the reality but Media houses still thinking he was just a suspect. CLap Clap !!!!!
Look don't blame the gun what kind of beer was it.....
What's wrong in that?
Osama has been killed and now Al Zawahiri will be killed in karanchi very shortly.
Get a sound proof hime if you can afford. Would be hard to live with a mediocre voice in this era
Arnav Singh Pal.will you react the same way if the comment is regarding gurbani recital?
General Zia-ul-Haq after seizing power from Zulfikar Ali Bhutto via coup hanged him after staging a fake show of judicial trial in 1977, which hasn’t changed much since then. They have a long history of abducting people, torturing them to extract desired  confession in front of camera, charging with false cases and finally killing them in Kangaroo court style
Lol
People of india enjoy haterism , communalism.......leave world internally we have become stupid economy......
You guys are becoming another Times of India with such headlines. The content was entirely different.
This is fabricated story even if it's true indian fellow should not celebrate it
I think your pm should hail those attackers too as why not they hailed their leader burhan earliet
Abe bhadvo sudhar jao nahito Jo hamari sena ke javanoka dimag hil gayana to Duniyake naksemese na paak pakistan ka namonishan nahi rahega
Anna Hazare have to join BJP....and become president....
Your army and the Govt wanted to make a show of it. They got at ICJ. It is strange that in a so called democratic country Army courts are permitted to operate. It was objected by many opposition parties like PPP and PTI but given extension for another 2 yrs.Civil courts are scared to  pass judgement. What a country where judiciary is scared.
Batkha dutt and ndtv must be sad
very simple question.where were indin army that time.i need answer with logic.
Mr. PM your speech was all about digitization and none on demonetization. Dont you think you should address a press conference or parliament in which case you will be questioned. And you clearly dont have the courage to do that.
Which is a bigger joke that woman singing or the bike
Why do you care? You're white...
Karara jawab or ninda sun sun kar kaan pak gaye
MS Dhoni, Ajinkya Rahane and KL Rahul opted to bat at the nets while Virat Kohli and most of the others players skipped the practice session.
Good riddance !  This man was most garrulous and useless. Hope some sensible person fights election in his place.
All members will give a vote of thanks to Shri Rahul Gandhi & Priyanka Gandhi for their sincere efforts during 2017 UP election polls.
Dr. CHAIWALA will be your CM
I think it's overdoing.....!!!!!
Kk..sir...I think ur from somalia.....its not your pinari..its our pinaraii...
Mr foreigner - who are indulge in illegal slautering, who are selling these innocent animals in black market? Some Ppl thinks illegal business is their birth right and if some1 try to stop than ppl like u cry here.
Ninda se ksm nahi chalega ab kya ho gaya modi bhakto ko
Great Initiative by the Govt. headed by our most worthy PM Shri Narendra Modi.It is the bold beginning to end corruption and black money.
A Master is also known by his protégé.  Alas!  Anna was destined to be known by Kejriwal.
Could have planned better to reduce impact to poor people.
After all these comments, they still don't want to correct it. Shows the pathetic state of click bait mainstream media. God bless!!
Hahahha lolz..
okay then go and compare.  all bhakt willl happy for your effort
well GVA/GDP new formula have revised the base year and included wholesome production data in projection of industry and service instead on relying on cso/iip.Those who doubt the GDP actually in their blind hate for modi doubting themselves as their father/mothers.Too bad self hating syndrome is on rise .
My last and final appeal to PM Sh. Modi Ji, let the war begin and get this over. daily we are facing such coward behavior from Pakistan. The same treatment required in Kashmir also, if any politician favor terror activity shoot them also declaring Terrorist. This should be over by now can't be tolerated any more. We all Indians are with you.
man u  did noting so why i salute u
I already said that 😜. And I would love it.
Yes - it's a cash based economy so the steps demontization will affect the GDP and future growth. The poor will suffer. Want to chase the black money - go to the Swiss bank
Great thinking and Patriotism un confused by Traitors and Digvijay Singhs
Abhi kyon poch rahe ho pm ji phale to badi badi batein karte tha hamare pm saab
People who are hell bent on opposing PM Modi proves the quote  'democracy is not for idiots'!! Where in the world you will find such a great man with amazing capacity to work hard and organize without any gain of his own!!
I too spoke n gave many honest comments. But we Muslims r label with mulla,,madarsa,,Pakistani,,... & many more...@ Neel.
Hum civilian kya kray kuch log jo sarkar may hay wo dono tarf milay hoe hay jasay kal ek bjp walay ko dekha news may isi ka agent tha
Surprised why Supreme court ignores states if they exceeds their own Ruling?
Why does the govt act as if it is still in the opposition...make changes without pointing out past..
^ could you explain how is he sounding like a ""braindead Muslim"" to you?
A dismal state of healthcare for the poor in India.  While some people are busy plying in Range Rovers while the needy doesn't even get the ambulance service in emergency.
Frailty thy name is woman. Have you haven't heard of that Mr?
everybody who's against modi ... deserve  to sit at home N  read abt all the scams and then crib country  ... here's one man whos trying to change future of India but won't support him ... plz think and support ...
Send Mani S. Iyar and Salman Khursid to Pakistan because these are the leader who are responsible for undue influence
This old man does not know todays bjp politics.He should ask where is Lokpal
Common man is  getting only 2000 from bank spending his whole day......on the other hands news are coming....in places new Rs.2000 notes in crores of rupees are being seized. ...how some people have received new rs 2000 notes in crores of rupees...what is govt clarification for this ...or some favourable section was provided benefits in advance....
it not mean we are saying all muslims we are saying anti government muslims and anti national muslims are no more indians
Yes, you have the right to protect cows... By spending money and buying them. Thats what you would do if you really cared for the cows, instead of trying to stop people from using their animals...
Where is Sushma Swaraj now?
No value of Anna .
The way some journalists go out of the way to argue for and support Afzal Guru and his supporters, I wish it is much better if they openly support Rahul Gandhi and Congress than this
When Akrabuddin Owaisi publicly said that he could kill all Hindus in a span  of ten minutes time there was not much outrage. Now why is  so much outrage against Sonu Nigam who said that he is not a Muslim and doesn't want to get disturbed by the noise of loud speakers ?
From beginning to end he  has told that, people are not fool man better u understand and Muslims are very sensitive about religious beliefs so he thought nicely catch up Muslim votes, mr pinarai first u see people of Keralas waiting for there ration and irrigation supply now what about saumya murder case?? And jisha murder case now actress also not safety in ur state pulser suni was about surrender and he was ready to tell all truth in front of court but ur Singam cops caught him in front of court itself now u r telling now no one can discuss regarding actress matter and this is my order and pulser suni is a my culprit over,  every one knows who is behind this quotation team ur minister level and ur party active members also, mr pinarai what u think about yourself u r North Korean president brother or what???
You ppl now feel everything odd by Muslims... let's separate all the Muslims to a particular state n feel tension n noise free...wt u say Mr S nigam.
I don't look at this as a battle: Infosys Chairman
INDIAN EXPRESS , PL SAID THE POSITION OF YOUR FRIEND CONGRESS ALSO, AND YOUR COMMENTS ARE AGAINST BJP  AND SS GET THE MAJORITY IN BMC....?????
Does India lack educated, intelligent and honest people to run the government?
Savage.! 😂😂
hahahahha u nailed it sir
Rome was not built in a day.. And here we are talking of India, the biggest democracy of the world, one man has stood up to make the change he wants to see in the country. What has not been done in the last 65yrs he is doing in a methodical check to clean India. Be a citizen of India and stop the insult of your motherland. STOP BEING A INFLUENCE OF STUPID POLITICS OF THE STUPID INDIAN POLITICAL PARTIES. BE THE CITIZEN OF INDIA, NOT THE RELIGION OR PARTY POLITICS. This is for citizens with brains.
Who needs NSG....we are getting uranium any ways....and tech ....
Safety of cows is more imp acc to our current government
I salute every working woman who spend quality time with kids and excel at workplace too. Being a homemaker is her choice. That's it. I'm skeptical how magnanimous she may be to accept her husband's choice if he intends  to be a homemaker.   Men also have equal rights to be at home or work. Most of the parents look for a groom who earns fat-some so that the woman gets the privilege to stay home.  Nobody is born to work. Irrespective of the gender, if one wants to take a backseat in their career, it's the other one's responsibility to take lead. Being a homemaker is one's choice and that privilege can be taken by both man and woman.
Modi ji please put RTI in political parties so that they can disclose the donations RECVD from were
Anna Jee aap Aram se so jai,Jb congress ki government aigi tb utna,Lokpaal Lokpaal Bolte huwe,,,,
gur meher kaur where r u????? can u tell me who killed our 2 jawans now?????? pakistanis or their guns?????
he knows the Power of Pakistan abd he also knowns that toilets should make first
Yes.  You already joined RSS??
Does that mean kids of all working women are puppies?
""saving is injurious to health ...where you save cholesterol , hyper tension, all life style disease ....while saving ...""ha ha ha .......
LoL 😂 Rahul performed last rituals for congress and now to poor Sp has the same fate .....   Dear congress and left there should be some thing wrong with your politics or with your policy of appeasement of minority's and making the majority un happy ,   Like providing benefits to widows of some religions   I do support the fact the eligible under privileged should be supported with out considering his / her cast or religion but simply based on their  eligibility or circumstances .   Or else the part who act or actually does and propagate upliftment of every one as a nation will be winning
Vikram..Singh...I think..you don't know..congress has been kicked out from centre
Trump is the reason behind who shown this idea....😜
Sad but true... Indian Cows have more protection than brave Indian soldiers :(
How it is related to PM Modi ? If Jansatta & Indian Express have any prejudice against PM ?
Mr. Prateek Nishant.....secure method?
Mr. Abhishek Biswas don't mess with malayalis.nee po mone dinesha.....MOHANLAL will be the BHIM....In fact he will do it better than the actual BHIM 😂
Obviously...
Not like that before also lor of development happen in congress govt. Just update the same development process I mean.  List is very big brother don't say last 70 years of independent our country achieved a lot maximum governance don't by cong govt.  Some highlights below FYI. ☺ ISRO initated by our first PM Nehru ji  Pvt bank's bring under RBI network spread across the country this achievement  by our late PM indira ji  Computrise technology bring first time in India our late young PM rajive ji  International investment brought by our ex PM MMS JI  Adhar GST and various other initiatives for the benefit of our citizen are done in the period of CONG regime. I hope you saw 5 years of non CONG govt in our state 4 cm change in 5 years of terms due to loot 😊
Kadi kaywai hogi etna bol ke palla chad lete hai 2ya 4 din bad janta bhul jati hai ha ha ha
She said it's her choice whether to stay at home or go to work. She isn't criticising the one who choose to go to work.
All can be one only when religion is.not there.let marx be father of.all favoring capatalism  then everything will be all right.
Indians = ??. what the heck did that mean ?
Dear CNBC video graapher, pls stand up from ur seat
Including FM Jeithley
By the way whose this GIRL???
u see china?? is it a Democratic country?
Speechs wont work if ill thoughts still around you.... Political parties are exempted under income tax law to deposit old currency notes in their bank accounts....
How to convert all your black money into white in 4 easy perfectly ""legal"" steps? Answer:- -> Step 1 - Create a political party, and get registered under Representation of People's Act, 1951. [Not a difficult task. There are more than 1000 registered parties who didn't even contest 2014 Lok Sabha Election, and EC cannot de-register a party] -> Step 2 - Donate all your black money to your party in parts, each part should be less than 20,000. You can make infinite such donations, and say that they came from people. [According to the RP Act 1951, the political parties are not required to report (to the Election Commission of India (ECI)) the name of the individuals or organizations from whom they have received donations of amount less than Rs.20,000.] -> Step 3 - Go to bank, deposit all this amount in the party's account. [No need to pay any income tax. Political parties are 100% exempted from income tax] -> Step 4 - Withdraw the amount as and when you need, in 50/100/500/2000 rupee notes - It is all white. [Since Political Parties are not under RTI, you can't ask them how they spent their money] ENJOY YOUR WEALTH...!!!! *Moral of the Story:- All political parties are same. All they do is follow the letter of law like above example & kill the spirit which is politically correct but ethically incorrect. But in the process teach you about how one can legally generate enormous wealth and still talk about ideals and concern for poor people.  Isn't it fascinating?
Tamil nadu has not voted to bjp,  hence modi has decided  not to put one governor  who is been visiting guest how he will understand the people expectation , every body punishing the common man
Modi or yogi. He is terrorist attacked 3 talaq. Cow mother. He doing religion politics.
Sonu is right....
Modi se sirf nenda he Kar saktey hai Aur kuch nahi pher Bhi I proud I am Indian wah is leya ki hamarey desh key jawan border pe lad Rahey hai Aur cow rakshak desh me lad Rahey hai
So from now on. SADHUS and Sanyasis abandoned their Tapasya in jungle and mountains. They are now either politicians or businessmen. Thousands of young persons gave their lives never look after the positions after independence. But now those are supposed to uplift the characters of general public they themselves hankered after position and money.
D Raja has written it. We can ignore the article
Let BJP come forward n disclose source of all donations received from crony capitalists
Now Banks r trying to focus on such illegal income, which is risk free. Customer now must make the cash counters of Banks crowdy. FM of India is busy in manipulating the records to prove demonization as success.
Kamin . Wait when ur heads will be cut then u say all this dunce.
Its not over rated, infact its under rated. It is definitely producing a lot of unicorns, standing between University of california and MIT.  https://venturebeat.com/2017/02/07/want-to-boost-your-chances-of-building-a-unicorn-be-a-guy-and-go-to-stanford-university/?utm_content=socialchampHJN2fEW9ue&utm_medium=social&utm_source=facebook.com&utm_campaign=socialchamp.io   Most people's comments are biased, in the sense they either didn't achieve being in IIT, or feel they didn't get appreciated for their field by family and friends coming from other colleges.
Awareness required for the  ground level businessman, state level ministry to be strict for baning cash transaction. A businessman is earning 30 - 40% of profit for the goods today, Modi ji please form a policy to control market price. A pan shopkeeper  is earning much more than an engineer today.
To some extent he is right....but it's applicable to all religion not only Azaan.
Anna you were and are in BJP.  so you can't join opposite party. So be their in BJP. Keep working.
This is against remarks of court......
Nitin tiwari learn to respect the person............n he (Montek singh Ahluwalia) has a great mind indeed...
Exactly...Indian Express... Go to you tube and get the facts right..he just spoke like any Indian wud think...
May be she is in the grab of Hindu, misleading us here,  fake ID
U left he came in pantry car coach..
I support the statement. Its doesn't have to be religious every time. I even hate when during durga pujas people put loudspeakers. I remember the time when I had class 12th board exams and one speaker was just beside my room. I used to curse them a lot. People do not speak when a Muslim or a Hindu is dying of hunger or poverty but will now all gang up against sonu nigam. God bless humanity.
Ok Mr. Digviajy fine lets write what we want to talk on bullets and fire them on Pakistan...
Mr kaleem you and your people will be the first wishing to get the lucky draw .. any good step u condemn but u are the first one to take advantage of the things
The political class is a joke in this country..partisan media adds to intellectual famine in the country. Democracy of Mediocrity.
When u guys study ? Do u really study ?
May be bjp had financed anna from the very beginning for all his drama
Whoever dnt like loudspeakers in temple r mosque , raise your hand and put thm on ur ears ...every problm will be solved....be united ..jai hind
Amazing isn't it? That liberals today use the fascism because they parrot it. If they knew what Fascism really was, larger and larger government that oversaw private business and regulated it and taxed it to death, maybe they wouldn't be so fast to use because of how that description is so eerily close to how democrats govern. What else is a fascist trait? Going after churches and places of worship? Putting limits on what people can say, even in the privacy of their own homes? Widespread domestic spying? All things done by the Obama administration and yet none of them would think to use the word fascist to describe those 8 years. Then again, until Trump came along, most of them didn't know what the word meant until it became part of the script. ""How to whine on social media in 3 easy steps""
why are they crying on stage?? coz of launching getting delayed?
the effect to economy is reflected by the markets first, see how the markets have fallen from past 10 days, and how GDP forecast is being cut down, its an clear indicator that the decision taken is goin to cost a lot in terms of future growth and the INR is getting weaker day by day at some point of time will vertically spike inflation
Being a Hindu I say you must have asked that person to lower his bhajan volume as someday he or his family members may also fall sick
Very good work that ever a India PM had done but corruption
Instead of attacking our muslim brothers they should attack seculars and kill all them
Join BJP bro thats your right place 🤐😂😂😂😂
VYAPAM scam biggest scam of all say something please no lies😂
Deepak do you have any solution for stopping black money
Indian express will b the congress in media industry
Yes and hidden agenda is to empower Muslim people and not mulla's who are controlling Islam.
Will people vote for 10 years of mismanagement by BJP in MCD ??? Can't believe !!!
And she is lucky she has a choice. Every working mother would love to spend more time with family, but for so many the reason to work is because they need the money to run the home. She comes across as some kind of twit
Nation has seen how you were busy making profile of Kiran bedi and Gen VK singh
Did she use her dress as a parachute to land on ground?
I think it's hers version of feminism .... which I consider mainstream .... the feminism you talk about is not at all feminism ...It's actually a kind of bully thing
What about BJP, why not freedom from BJP!!!
just saying whatever comes to mouth doesnt make a leader.
He is afterall a human being na. If he  was a cow we could have provided. No offence.
Ratish Menon atleast his father have never heard this much english that u spoke on him😂😂😂😂
Sir Its New India... For All Parties Its Impossible To Match Modi So Easy Way Is Defame Them By any Means.... But Unfortunately The More They Do The More They getting Lowered!!!
Give him a imprisoment
Raees is different  plot  Not based on abdul lateef  Rahul dholakia clarify WHOLE  thing
Totally agree!!!100% true!!!
Sook
http://indianexpress.com/article/india/fatwa-issued-against-reality-singing-star-nahid-afrin-by-42-clerics-4569825/    Dear Indian Express, I feel sorry to write that your journalists are out there to misinterpret events and present them in a distorted manner just to make some sensational headlines. The news about upcoming singer Nahid Afreen has been prepared without proper research and investigation. It was very sad to see that your journalists don't even know the difference between fatwa and appeal.  A fatwa is a non-binding legal opinion issued only by a qualified jurist (Mufti) on a request by someone who is unable to understand religious guidelines whereas the leaflet that is being circulated and presented as Fatwa is just a hard copy of an appeal signed by 46 men who believe in religious practices. The merit of appeal can be discussed on many grounds and in many dimensions but first and foremost, an appeal can not be called a legal opinion (Fatwa).  We expect apology from your side for such a mistake.
Appreciate Good work and Question all the wrongs. But, keep up to the topic instead of abusing for no reason.  Thanks
""Not to mention the 150 million children working as slave labour thanks to capitalism"" still better then dying wid sticks and machettes.
You never left bjp
Totally agree... No loud speakers for religious deeds... Lets do this together bro.
First u kerala's CM please allowed Rations to us then speak against RSS now poor people of Kerala don't get rations when u elected in here.
Aditya Kumar Acharya a citizen of rapist country n toiletless country. If they r stone pelter why u killed sikh in operation blue star in golden temple attack. Why u killed muslims in gujrat???
u join bjp ur fitted
he is right as he follows a donkey...so having brain and smartness is completely ruled out..who needs harvard when you have patanjali..
Rationalists who believe it is divinely ordained to slit a bull's throat with a knife painfully ad watch him suffer for .minutes in agony when there are much quicker alternatives
What about freedom of speech 😀
Dats y they r choosing greatest genocider communists?dats y they hv largest prvt army?
Yea so says the people from states with no proper primary healthcare or proper sanitation.
There is nothing better in this world than being brought up by a working woman. Working mothers are loved and respected so much more by their kids. This is coming from a strong independent daughter of a strong independent mother.
Chinmay Mohanty seems to be a very very tolerant bhakt...
First of all dear Indian Express he was not suspected he was a terrorist in all senses.  And salute to his great dad of  india who stood by his country even in the hardest times #saluteyousir
Good
Finally anna return back to right home
By the way, he has tweeted about temples and gurudwaras too. Only if you could read more that just the headlines :)
Tell me plzz i want to MLA's too
""Zombies"" started to ""eat"" each other , okay finish it soon!!!!
He is master in computer language &tricks of hacking
Indian Express what's wrong with you ? Why are you going DailyO way. This poet asked everyone to come forward, irrespective of there party and for the nation. Don't use social media to Viral anything like your title.
sir bhakt r redy to join armed forces whnevr nation need dm
That is called bhakti
This would happen when we hire freshers and tried to take ownership on almost everything without any vision....he hs not only makes a mockery of all Delhites who voted him but also showed how to misuse his power ...all the best coz ur blame game is ur only initiative u hv taken ever since u became cm...crap !!!
Why do u want to complicate a simple issue..  Half of ur population i.e. women, are deprived of basic human rights and is vulnerable with things like triple talak and what not.. Why dont u show ur courage and logical thinking then and fight for their rights?
I think this guy is having a bad memory,he doesn't know demonatisatiion took place in 1978 n Cong black money was wiped out
Get your figures and facts right! It's million not billion!
Obviously your pussification is complete!  Keep dreaming of a liberal utopia where everything you need will be provided by government.  It'll never happen but you can keep dreaming.
Like eating meat everyone has right to his wife whether to keep or not
Dear Narendra Modi ji, the Activists, MSM, NGOs & Leftist didn't vote for you never will. We voted for you. Screw their opinion. Do the needful, mercilessly.
Congress required to accept that lower,medium and common peoples had left faith on them due to their ill planning .They have to accept that there is no leader who can come forward  to take challenge to re-strengthen the party and come atpar with Sh.Narinder Modi &Amit shah BJP Party.
Congress is a bunch of jokers and biggest clown rahul
Two high profile fake stories 1- Pak enter India, killed Indian soldier and mutilate the bodies and came back unhurt while rest of Indian army was sleeping. 2- Ajmal kasaab manage to sail from Karachi to Mumbai in a boat while India strong navy was asleep and brutally killed people.
#hinduphobe indian media burn burn
Whoever is gng negative comments are involved in black money u bloody people
Common people were suffering from past 60 yrs also...  Can't we all wait for modiji's complete action plan for 60 days..  India will change provided we change our mindset..  Whole world knows his potential n appreciating his work..  Be patient guys..  Good days for India is yet on loop
How much you get from BJP per month
When BJP is in beep trouble, Anna come for help...........
Sir some educated people only not understanding the avdvantages of this..
All bakhts r looking vry happy
You got chance to explain but few people lynched before they could explain.
https://www.facebook.com/indianexpress/?fref=ts   Dear Indian Express, I feel sorry to write that your journalists are out there to misinterpret events and present them in a distorted manner just to make some sensational headlines. The news about upcoming singer Nahid Afreen has been prepared without proper research and investigation. It was very sad to see that your journalists don't even know the difference between fatwa and appeal.  A fatwa is a non-binding legal opinion issued only by a qualified jurist (Mufti) on a request by someone who is unable to understand religious guidelines whereas the leaflet that is being circulated and presented as Fatwa is just a hard copy of an appeal signed by 46 men who believe in religious practices. The merit of appeal can be discussed on many grounds and in many dimensions but first and foremost, an appeal can not be called a legal opinion (Fatwa).  We expect apology from your side for such a mistake.
Just do 3 things Sir.... pass Janlokpal... 2) declare donolations to your party....3) jail who are guilty of corruption!!!
Looks like  sonu is now preparing himself for an award from the current government.
Navraate Festival only happens 8 to 9 days but wht abt every morning and evening some people are comfortable and some are not to Azaans n all so everyone have a right to say and a good sleep..
What about everyday married programme playing loud speaker,On Diwali burning cracker lots of noise pollution in cities sleepless night. soni nigam do something
Jio is very slow
Lok sabha has become fish market with congress and other party leaders...so he felt they don't deserve his explanation on demonetization... people with black money will only give negative comments...we are enjoying your pain you black money idiots... 😀😀😀😀
Good job, keep going sir, don't stop this tsunami against corruption and black money.
Muslims #Masjid is a House of Allah and to protect Masjid is our obligatory rights at any cost may be we Muslims are weak in power of might but time will come as it came on our Prophet Muhammad after migrating to Madinah Al-Munue'wara and they conquered Makkah without blood shed from a very powerful tribe #Quresh whose power even Holy Quran  describes these guys RSS or BJP or VHP or Bajrang Dal or The Akhil Bhāratiya Hindū Mahāsabhā or the Zionist Israel or any body are just nothing in front of Quresh Tribes of that time so just trust Allah Masjid is his House and he will protect his house BUT we Muslims have to put n effort of peaceful #Jihadसंघर्षStruggle for specially ancient Masjid and fight in self defense n resistance to protect the house of Allah in Ayodhia the so called Babri Masjid and Masjid Al'Aqsha in Jerusalem
Innocent people are dying due to politically game in the both countries. we are different by religion but we are human plz stop this like non sense things. every people wants peace and  want to live in this beautiful earth and life is precious for their family member else. Wake Up......India & Pakistan.
ITC Ltd will have huge loses.
You shouldn't negatively remark any other brand. Every brand has their own legacy and motto
Wait n  watch  till May 2019  will get the  poll  results  pm  till  then  keep  it up
Palaniswami , Panneerselvam and all others in AiADMK should get together and form the government. Also they should boycott and remove sasikala and all members of her near and far family from anything to do with AIADMK. This is the chance to clean and cleanse Tamil Nadu from the corrupt woman who should never get any chance at any further social life. KILL CORRUPTION AND TAMIL NADU HAS A CHANCE TO SET EXAMPLE FOR REST OF INDIA.
Why he is spraying chilly powder...is there any new agenda?
Reluctant to speak in Parliament but don't waste any chance to speak outside as he hase no one to respond
Muslim are creating newer enemies by such hatred comments.Be Indian first.  Ignore religion.
Sony bhai , your kind off people lives in cuckoos land
He think without hard work its easy to get degree from harward u can expect any thing from this man
Mr. #narendramodi Please remove the GST from computer , card swipe machine and internet service
Thn wt is modi doing ha sir he is making people lyk u as vote bank
Bjp should not waste time in kerala ,, keep that state in hold ,, take it in last or before turn of the list.
....Modi never regretted for heinous crime done by him.          Thank God he does not have family
Looks like an expert on democracy
Mr Jogi , are you silent on such matters   knowingly ? May be  because one ,two incenents may escape your notice but not in series. Saints teaches  sincerely but those who practise them are called Jogis. I have not found my answer from your deeds.
Here's what the stars have in store for you this week!
Yes and thank you for not joining AAP. You would have sold it to the Government in power.
I think Anna is not as brave as he actually pretends to be He should have come into politics and try to give good governance  Criticizing is a easy tasks
2 Indian army soldiers were come to LOC for surgical strike And go back after mutilation 😂😂😂😂
Agree totally with Sonu
Ribak Imdat EVM fraud... LOL... If #AAPTARDS still believe that was the reason for Delhi and Punjab loss.... Then you are true to your name....
Don't this man knows English so that all can understand!!
Block the movement of trucks with cows and buffaloes into kerala from tamil.nadu and karnataka ... kerala does.not have enough cattle to feed it's population.....
This person is totally opportunist when his downfall start ,starting barking against him
Why is JP getting special treatment... if Unitech promoters are behind bars then the same should be the case with JP.... TATA / Godrej should be asked to step in and should be given a share in the assets so that they can complete the projects... this is really ridiculous... or else buyers should form a cooperative and take over the projects / assets...
Muslims ruling parties would never do what the present parties are trying to do.
how many of you guys know that all internal war Syria is facing was started from Alleppo university and university of Damascus..., if you don't then Google it.....l think we should stop this type of cancer from spreading in our country.
He is just a famous outdated cricketer, not an opinion maker!
This modi bhakt was there ?
This man has lost his mental balance. Needs proper treatment
It was a shame Modi did not address the parliament - for the first time the thought crossed my mind - is Rahul and Kejriwal are correct in their criticisms
Human  lose  always  painfully. But how can it possible  mutilating   soldier  body. O.7 millions  army deployed by india  governments valley  of Kashmir . Pakistan  army  go to inside India  and  mutilated  soldier  body then back to barrack .If its  happen  really  India  army  must take  action  on   sector  commander  .It's failure  of Indian army .it also prove that Indian army is weaker  than pakistan  army. In terms  of training and  Cleverness .
Must watch funny 😜bhangra 😂😂 https://youtu.be/fNbh3JePImA
Mooodiijiiie didn't u know that black money in cash form is only about 2-3%...this is like to save Rs.3 you are spending Rs.30....in a country where over 90% transactions are in cash but remember that not all that cash is black, your step has not changed anything except that it incurred 1.28lakhs on the government for your decisions...this is the reason THE GREAT RAGHURAM RAJAN was against demonitisation and because of your diff in views he stepped down from the post....if at all there was someone who was responsible for the economic growth of india with the highest GDP growth in the world then that was Mr.Rajan...These Bhashans by modiji is to cover up his wrong steps
Bro you studying law that's good. But calling a terrorist a terrorist doesn't require study of law.
Certainly not a good move by BJP. He don't have any vision except giving non sense statement.
Ganpati visarjan happens once in a year,in same way they have tajiya juloos. Problem is Azaan happens everyday. We live fast life where ppl want peace at first place after working all day. If someone wants to listen to peaceful tune of it than better he/she should listen it in the house without disturbing others' peace.
He feels sad without BJP or Lotus.
🍁 SuPerB❤✌
Are this guys waiting for christmas to launch the bike
Gud move but arrange some relief for people in long queue
It's very personal what someone is eating,but we need to respect people's feelings, she shouldn't have made it public....similarly we need to respect other people's feelings too
No matter what kind of cards u play now....one thing is for sure u r not going to win this coming election in UP.....mark my words
Shruthi, pls spend some time in KASHMIR/KERALA/WB... goodluck in advance..
sir,you are cent percent correct mr.Anna is.a RSS to the core
It is true.
Keep dreaming pranav daa .. it ain't happen with present regime..
Indian oil pumps are mostly involved in this kind of fraud Petrol & diesel theft ?  What says guys any replies on this ?
Deference is only magnitude and useful.
let the police make good the loss
Hope he got ""business class"" seats there!!! Lol
Take lalu  BURNAL
No action on shyam benegal report..shows a lot about 'Governance'..!
Tum katwe log isiliye gali khate ho... Desh pr jab samasya aayi hai to apne Desh ki support ke bajay apni nich soch ka pradarshan krte ho.. sahi krte hai sb jo tum logo ki ammi chodte hai.
I don't understand whether youngsters should get good education or else to become a criminal to enter any political parties.
This happened when the civilians were fighting for cows and azaan.
Tiger is alwayz right.....  proud to be gujju modiji  ....  u r  d  gretttt....
Demonitisation brings a change to selected good candidate in coming Punjab, UP,Manipur,Goa election
http://indianexpress.com/article/india/fatwa-issued-against-reality-singing-star-nahid-afrin-by-42-clerics-4569825/    Dear Indian Express, I feel sorry to write that your journalists are out there to misinterpret events and present them in a distorted manner just to make some sensational headlines. The news about upcoming singer Nahid Afreen has been prepared without proper research and investigation. It was very sad to see that your journalists don't even know the difference between fatwa and appeal.  A fatwa is a non-binding legal opinion issued only by a qualified jurist (Mufti) on a request by someone who is unable to understand religious guidelines whereas the leaflet that is being circulated and presented as Fatwa is just a hard copy of an appeal signed by 46 men who believe in religious practices. The merit of appeal can be discussed on many grounds and in many dimensions but first and foremost, an appeal can not be called a legal opinion (Fatwa).  We expect apology from your side for such a mistake.
sanjay bro...ur logic is right..In a country like India where many religion ppl  living togeather have the right to perform their religion it may disturb others..But we dont have to misuse those and use it in a right manner....azaan call  apprx 2 min call is ok but using loud speaker than permitted is not a right thing..same way we can notice  others using loud speaker for their festivals,prayers through out the day which will disturb  kids,aged,patients.and also the environment ...but many are not batting an eye on those issues...
For these people, cow life is more important  than  human life.......
Your political view point is not really important, go on Quora and answer questions related to how to make triplets ?  😂😂😂😂😂😈
Steven he is showing y tis present is in trouble.. as u dnt knw who n y dey dug tis!!!!
Don't make such sweeping statements corroborate with facts the a Prime Minister had done daring changes that nobody has ever done before demonetisation is one such
If there is no Pak Army involvement, then they should catch the perpetrators and hand them over to Indian army. Just shedding crocodile tears does not augur well.
But bhajan starts daily at 5 pm near my home!why you should say about that? They use loudspeaker louder than Azan's speaker ! Should they stop playing bhajan in speakers!?
Reading the above report carefully it shows that the age of the mother is 20yrs old and the daughter is 4.. that means she delivered her daughter when she was a teenager herself... no sane pple do that...one is not eligible at 20 to take care of a small child 24*7 ... it's not the norm of today's world... pple want to be free..enjoy life  and not able to do that builds up frustration in them... and then the outcome is this...I know whatever the frustration and choice she made to be a young mother...does not mean she looses her cool to kick the baby..and in the end kill her... sad....   Plz pple these are my thoughts... if u don't agree plz feel free to scroll down ...stay happy...
It makes difference when a thing has to be faced in routine and one which is only on the occasion of Festival.
Rohitji please stop Congress spokesman,because every debate they are disturb the debate, they already exposed by Indian people, why you are given them importance?
Hats off to you Sir. No father should ever go through as to what you are going through right now. Its difficult for people to understand that every parent wants the best for their children. No parent wants to be labelled as the father of a terrorist. My appeal to each and every citizen is that please dont criticize or hold this family responsible. Looking at what the young generation is today influenced by it is not the fault of the parents but these youngsters themselves as they believe in Jehad, Freedom from everything and they have this strong conviction that they are right and everyone else is wrong. They unfortunately dont have the patience to demonstrate against the system peacefully. Guns never solved any problems. Guns will lead you to your grave sooner or later.
This was China's response to US' accusations: ""That doesn't exist at all""
Shekhar Gupta perform tantra with his daughter, shhhhhh....dont tell anyone. MMS is there with someone :D
It was not against AK but Modi govt. Dont spread wrong rumors IExpress
Well test 1
Wants to be in news like Anupamp kheeeeeer and Gautam Gambhir
Where is award wapsi gang now???
Education has become a business too.
Does this mean Misha is a puppy for Shahid Kapoor?
Yes we know but thats his language and everyone has right to talk in his language so as you,  why to aks others to talk in any language
This gonna happen when you support terrorism in pakistan..pak ll react and ll react with style.
It should be done by their parents and JNU staff but delhi police doing. It's ok at least some body here to teach them.
Respect all religion sir, after all we all have to die, and after death there will be no disturbance and will be complete silence.
below address ATM Is not working byt in ur site its showing its active
Well said, rest in the BJP are all small fishes.
yes everything is good,and he also lives here then why not be an indian citizen.
coma men , full stop men , hyphen men ....all grammers in common man
Jigar Patel good reply bro.. Nice
Baby
Gandhi, Nehru, Bose and others..fought for freedom of cows from British Rule..
NDTV doesn't tell us the cast of the cow !! Incomplete reporting is bad 😂😂😂
U should join beeyeepeee
Country would prefer to be looted for couple of months instead for forever....  Besides.... look at the bright side... it is a organized loot, not the unorganized like yours. At least current PM is trying to organize the system...
Akhilesh govt initiated mega projects like the Agra-Lucknow Expressway and Lucknow Metro, which were not part of the manifesto, while a few of the promises were partially fulfilled, many were not.
पी एम साहब कपड़े बदलो प्रेस कॉन्फेंस का मौका है। कह दो हम निंदा करते हैं
But then why is ur holy books stating eating nd using of animals..correct me if im wrong
No Rafi RSS never supported British . Just think what Islam is all about , it is about Islam and Islammyat , everything else is fly in the milk so as to speak . RSS in a Hindu majority nation is about Hindu , Hinduism and Hindustan .  About Gandhi assassination , yes it was justified considering the time it occurred. The nation is partition on both sides and massacred Hindus are arriving from the East and Wast . When Hindus and Sikhs retaliated , Gandhi went on his usual fast unto death . Did that stop Muslim mayhem ?
Congress people come to Parliament everyday to get insulted 😂😂😂😂😂
He should  now contest Lok Sabha seat hereafter. That will also give credibility to their claim of champions of downtrodden.
this drunk reckless celebs wont learn
Is it not gundaaraj in bjp ruled jharkhand?
I agree with Sonu Nigm
Change in Government doesn't bring change in the plight of law and order in my province.
Well said ....
Also, ABVP must apologise to Kanhaiya Kumar, and pay him compensation for defamation.  http://indiatoday.intoday.in/story/kanhaiya-kumar-jnu-sedition-row-anti-national-slogan-clean-chit/1/893997.html?sr=fbia
NO he is RSS MCD BJP AGENT
bjp pigs
why we should wait for 2022 why not issuing loan to poor family
So stupid of them. Hahahaha
However, please explain how he credited the Pokharan II to Dr. Kalam? Obviously, did not want to give credit to BJP. Guess he was still in his ""kenchuli""
What the f. Ck, lets ban all non veg so now buffalo has less life thn cow.  In 21st century  we are watching  reading and debating  on what?
Press release from bajaj :  bike is not starting
Acutally which scam got proved in court i never understood, all ppl still comment on media trials
BJP 200+. Because people are intoxicated nowadays.
Can u name a stock which is less than 50 in denomination  with strong fundamentals .I will hold for 3 years...5 years...but shuld be supper multi bagger ...!
Great work Modiji,but even look into low class people and doctors and their hospitals also.
Head of the most corrupt govt. till date.Shame on his part👎🏿👎🏿
The script writer had only imagined one and only one actor and he had only meet one actor to complete work that is our lalettan.... We dont want your opinion wether mohanlal want to play dhritrashtra or dronacharya......
Swati Mandyal, you wish! 😂😂😂
Hard work 😀😀😀😀😀means converting pineapple water in to coconut juice😀😀😀😀😀
Watch this man will perform , he will be a task master and will root out corruption from top to bottom ,
At the exit time sings the dog of happiness .
Divide and Rule Politics. Earlier Britishers did now our own representatives are doing it to garner votes in the next elections.
Now come out with all excuses.
In NorthEast till there is no Aadhar Card for peoples...but before that animals getting aadhar card in India. Proud to be a Cos rather then NorthEastern people.
behind of army chief Bajwa soldiers belong to Gilgit Baltistan ( NLI ) wearing cultural topi of gilgit baltistan. India clams GB is their lol
What about you, you sold this country to China and turn blind eye to Islamic fundamentals is this sicular you are talking about
Everyone knows highlevel corruption in MCD, but we are pigeons, always close our eyes when see .......🐱😂😁😀
Yes, let's start from own backyard
This Marxist ideology caused cumulative death of 100 million People in USSR, China, Vietnam, North Korea and other countries worldwide in past 200 years.
Not all retailers are involved in digital transaction... Poor ppl are struggling.. Think of the reasons why other denominations except 1000 and 500 are still not available for common man
Congrats Rahul... mummy will be soo happy with ur joke..😎, best comedian in the Parliment👏
How u kno..  Its easy to criticize ......do u kno the size n population of this country
Failed cricketer? Ur insane.. how come he is failed in cricket?
Demonetization helps the market to more business and the double transaction
No news channel will discuss this issue. All have become mouth pieces of bjp
Nonsense salman wants to say Allah must not punish sinners but must to kill devil... Don't make innocents fool....
True face of Shiv Sena on public display, no more vote for SSena! Look at Shiv Sena defending its goon MP! That's why I call this an eye opener for Voters!
Thats why you gave 2 stars. Once anti ppl, always anti ppl.
Jalal whom u want to be that also u mention
Next step should be the introduction of accountability and discipline for government servants in centre and more so in states.
A person whose nothing without electricity and loudspeakers !!!May Allah swt forgive u for your ignorance..and guide u to accept islam .i pray one day muslims wake up to hear your beautiful voice saying the azaan ..
looks documentary news in nature ...orginaly produced in gujarat now travels all over  india
If the fight against corruption and black money is so serious why are political parties exempt from Income Tax scrutiny for deposit of old currency in its account????
Sounds foolish. A poor girl or naive girl is an easy target...
Let see in screen...he  s god gifted actor..wil make ur deep throat aknowledgment to make prove
South Indians are more literate but these things proved them wrong...Such a wastage of milk.
Dont forget 57 muslim country behind pakistan we are pushtun we know how to fight  inshaallah wr take revange of 1971 war
We have congregational prayers
Its a protest stupid  Mangalore bandh
why didn't you call for boycott when Ajay devgan played Haji Mastan in OUATIM  . Why were you silent when Canadian nationalist Akshay Played Dawood in Ouatim2 just because they belong to a different religion. Butthurt
bjp n congress  r chips of the same block..
Endless Nonsense, how come they only realize that things were not all ok in whichever party they were when they get sacked.What were they doing all this while, if his conscience had bothered him so much, should have come clean earlier, not when you are shown the door, otherwise it simply seems like a matter of wanting to get even with your former boss...to sum it up Khisiyani billi khamba Nocha is the right word for people like these.
Please type Amen! If you ignore you won't be able to book or test drive this bike 😝😝
I respected ur voice...u proved that u r not the follower of Mohd. rafi.....even rafiz could have slaped  on u on this statement.....wat about ur concerts....wat about ur songs wen people play on their weddings....shame
Yeah.. rather interview Karina Kapoor. Working mom in the industry :. Or someone else ..
It is natural since Nov 8 th they are fully involved in govt imposed demonitsaTion process they are unable to see their families how can they approach borrowers moreover borrowers are cashless whom to blame?
I think congress will disappear from Indian politics in next few years..
Focus on making cash available  then only  people will support you . And speedy punishment to horaders will put fear of God in curropt .and your intention will be believed
this is totally insane if Kashmir citizen was not indian then way we need there country , we Indians occupied them so its our duty to protect them and provide them there basic needs and wants..
When they are crossing the lines over humanity. Makes a scarecrow of themselves by way of human shields what is expected then. Mutual disobedience of laws.
BJP is the long term illness of India, ISI BJP network, BJP Sex scandle, BJP Black money boarders, BJP violence across India, BJP breaking leg of horse and killing, BJP making 634 Doctors, without any education, just for money. BJP calling How Indian soldiers wife get pregnant  when rhe husband Soldier is on Boarder duty? BJP, instead of Making development, preaching for Shamshaan or Grave yard.  Pain of India is BJP.
such ministers should teach lessons for misuse of powers..n we the public only choose such illitrate n gundas ministers .
Is this the real life, or is this fantasy. Bajaj is bevarsi
urban naxal....
Any thing to grab bigger fishes....  Y everything for poor and middle class.... Modi G
In these 40 days Modi also controlled the global warming on Mars because of his super intelligent Sudhir Choudhary certified GPS chip in his 2000 note. Now, Martians are thanking us like anything before for including Mangalyaan dp in 2K note. All these 40 days achieved us practically anything possible. Even change of 2K was achievable at all shops across length & breadth of India!
Why paper leak menace is growing?  The teachers and the schools are hardly serious of teachiny during the academic session. No discipline. Students resort to unfair means to pass exams. The coaching Schools are mafias. The examination centers are sold. It is big racket as we read in papers. Many agencies are involved.
The Opera guy looks like a low budget gangster in a gangster movie
is that the reason behind seat cut?
He is a RSS supporter and the best friend of Mr. Modiji... Try to distroy the AAP in Delhi.
Good. Even Pakistan issued Fatwa against them.
Joke of the century..  he is not worthy of being an mla also
In Bhajans, while singing, Hindus  include Allah, Jisus...in stanzas. Guided by parents in our childhood itself. Now we realize, these Religions never found to have uttered Hindu Gods. who is tolerant?
From here to where Udhav?  Beg before NaMo, a good idea.
Needing center's development funds.
Hahaha...defending thieves ??? What will you do if you have only a pair of bulls to cultivate and they are stolen ? Wont you beat thieves who get caught by doing so..
Has the elected members of Vdhan sabha to interfere in govt day to day working?  They are to sit in vadhan sabha & advise in policy making or otherwise. They have already the leader of Thier party. Let him work with his colleges. Your griviences should go to concern ministry. This is nothing but abuserdity.
Deepika Thakur I know if the court does not fit your belief they are fake....
Just need to tell him who is Allah, wot is Azaan? V need to tell him dat Allah is mine n yours whether u know Allah by many other names such as PRABHU , PARMESHWAR , BHAGWAN , EESHWAR , PAALANHAAR , KHUDA , GOD or ALLAH. So Allah's orders r same 4 everyone...not only muslims or a particular community
She may want to look outside her glass doors the next time she's invited for an interview. But then again she's a 22 year old who has just had a baby, might as well give her some benefit of doubt. Still not sure why was she called for a women's day special interview !?!
Finally a sane guy who dared to post.
make the weights and barbels in india ... indian lifts it ...come on easy come on easy ..one more set ...now repeat the set
Riya Biswas yes but no one is killed and burned in a train to godhra, no Hindus flee from Kashmir, East Bengal, Pakistan according to you
I respect u but my quation is y u dont apply this why u came to the power U should apply this within 6 month Y u r waited for next 2 year's to apply this One more thing If u ppl ragainst the curruption then y u r not supportive for ""janlokpal bill""
Opposition members in d parliament do not have democratic spirit, i wonder why they dont allow others speak. They should remember that    youngers r listening n watching their behaviour bcz they r d representatives of people. If they behave like rowdy n disturb others speak they r not real parliamentarians, i must say. Democratic spirit n behaviour is expected of them, otherwise, what what d student community will learn from them.
Yes... BJP MAN
http://indianexpress.com/.../fatwa-issued-against.../  Dear Indian Express, I feel sorry to write that your journalists are out there to misinterpret events and present them in a distorted manner just to make some sensational headlines. The news about upcoming singer Nahid Afreen has been prepared without proper research and investigation. It was very sad to see that your journalists don't even know the difference between fatwa and appeal.  A fatwa is a non-binding legal opinion issued only by a qualified jurist (Mufti) on a request by someone who is unable to understand religious guidelines whereas the leaflet that is being circulated and presented as Fatwa is just a hard copy of an appeal signed by 46 men who believe in religious practices. The merit of appeal can be discussed on many grounds and in many dimensions but first and foremost, an appeal can not be called a legal opinion (Fatwa).  We expect apology from your side for such a mistake
Modiji u should remove it totally n look no BJP person is not exempted if his guilty
Dear Indian Express, I feel sorry to write that your journalists are out there to misinterpret events and present them in a distorted manner just to make some sensational headlines. The news about upcoming singer Nahid Afreen has been prepared without proper research and investigation. It was very sad to see that your journalists don't even know the difference between fatwa and appeal.  A fatwa is a non-binding legal opinion issued only by a qualified jurist (Mufti) on a request by someone who is unable to understand religious guidelines whereas the leaflet that is being circulated and presented as Fatwa is just a hard copy of an appeal signed by 46 men who believe in religious practices. The merit of appeal can be discussed on many grounds and in many dimensions but first and foremost, an appeal can not be called a legal opinion (Fatwa).  We expect apology from your side for such a mistake.
Neil Khurana Haha a congressi 😂😂😂u guys r almost extinct, so glad to see one after such a long time. Btw what happened in 1984😂😉
Why blame BJP. Going abroad is individual's choice. Money comes to the family. People who go abroad must know all that glitters is not gold. Government of the day is taking utmost care in such cases.
Modiji do one time face to face war with Pakistan. Daag Dijye Missiles .
Netao ko sochna cahiya agar asi hi politics kerne rehe sena ke sath, to ek din koi bhi sena me kam nahi kerne chahega, please sena ka menobal gerana band kere neta aur court aur media.
Padma awards are given by Center.  Congress should facilitate them. They are Man of the Match. When all the wickets were tumbling down, these 7 batsmen could hold till end.  Award can by PAPPU Shree.
........Electricity is being supplied only to MADJID and MUSLIMS in DELHI. There is an appeasement by AAP government to a specific community. so my dear all Hindu brothers plz vote for BJP......A  statement would be made by BJP leaders in DELHI MCD election.
Mr. Rahul Gandhi confused his stash of black money to be white money. It's the irony of being too raw for politics and given responsible and leadership roles as a handout just for being the poster baby.
in sarey netayo ko border par bhaijo ladney k liye fir pta chlega jindgi kya hoti h roj marwa rahey h jawano ko aur ye dukh parkat kar rahey pakistan ko sabak sikhayo nahi to dub mro
Actually this is not expected from u.. u must have used proper words Becoz these types of problems are faced by everyone whatever it is from Mandir aur Masjid..so plz be careful  about ur statements
Anna Hazare ???? Oh yes rememberd  the hypocrite who dethroned Congress for Lokpal. Where is Lokpal ? Is he not fasting now ?
What cost ???
Well when junior men officer harassed by senior women officer. Then, media don't share this news.
Comments like hi, I love you is so demeaning. Reflects the mentality of our society. Sigh..
You did not watch the vedio correctly or pretending like this, this was a neutral Vedio where he urged all political parties to work in National interest, but Yu chose not to use this headline as it would get less hits on Like button. 😊
You tell us, what is motive behind his statement, what is necessary to say against any , his personal choice, he respect himself, no one even Hindu,
Baba RUMdev is the PM candidate
I am an IITian. My opinion is totally different. THE QUALITY OF EDUCATION IN MANY OF INSTITUTE/UNIVERSITY IS SO LOW THAT IITs seems to be higher than actuality
What do u thnk??? Now its a lost battle for u my dear...if u follow the order - yes u have lost and if you dont follow then we know how to make it a diplomatic victory.... u just wait n watch😂
Mr jaitley u are killing our happiness...I hate u ..
What a joke no one believes such rubbish anymore .
Before demonetization, (i.e. 8th nov. 2016) when did you see any Minister, politician, IAS/IPS, big businessman(ambani, adani), film stars, MLA etc. in queues??
The issues of Muslim's which is regularly raised by media and BJP causes that speratist leaders of Kashmir got success in their aim
Anna ji, lost all the credibility, he earned so far.. either he should be mum like president of India.. or he should join the politics.. he has  no right to say any political leaders of any party until or unless he is partisan to a political party
If this incident take in Italy it would HV been applauded
It's not destructive if they settled with this  believe that you can't have it all at the same time.
Thanks to feku. ...
Very good decision of old man Yechuri!let him take rest at Home permanently ! Enough is enough!
6 months ago Kallu mama(Amit Shah) said after surgical strike, Pakistan will dare to attack India & it is the end of Pak's cross border terror. Today here we stand, 2016 witnessed highest number of soldiers martyr  and its continuing in 2017. Wasn't SurgicalStrike a paid media hype & BJP's Propaganda ?
Every political parties sheltering criminals and BJP is not an exception. Since BJP is in power, they know only taking action against opponents, and don't think any other party in power would have taken the revenge like BJP.
Congress ruled 70 years by dividing the nation and national leaders amongst themselves.
Kiran rijiju must join Indian army  immediately and quit central govt.
you already got a reserve country in 1947, you already got 100% reservation there and our constitution dont allow reservation on religious groound. dont worry SC will quash this law. If you have any problem then you can leave india as soon as possible.
Biggest ever BJP less with the blessings of MODIJI'S ceaseless efforts in the interest of India under the Premiership of Top Economist Dr Manmohan Singh to restore broken economic growth and strengthen rupee against dollar. Thanks BJP PREMIER
In UP cow's life 'is more valuable than human's . What is the langot CM of that state doing
If Sri Lanka can eradicate group like litte....why India can not destroy these naxalies....enough its enough....it is time for their total eradication frm our beautiful nation
You can see the face of shining india by this incident. PM & ministers have no attention
Farmers are dying in Maharashtra and why is silent.. I will tell because bjp hai
Kindly update d live status of Alanganallur,tamilnadu sir....youngsters and people r protesting peacefully for jallikkattu continuously for more Dan 12 hrs without food....d police thr or d tamilnadu government haven't providedany fud or medical facilities to d people ovr thr....people who went to help dem with fud and medical facilities r stopped by d police and dey r planning for a huge strike ovr d people who r protesting there for jallikkattu....Media people like u have to spread t along sir....v r fighting for our rights....people all over d country have to realize wats exactly happening here.... If anything happens to the people protesting thr,I'm sure t l b hidden to avoid further problems....kindly help sir....pls
SECULARISM IS A WORD USED BY FASCISTS TO DO ANY NONSENSE THEY LIKE, IT IS A WORD CONNECTED WITH HATRED, IT IS THE MOST DEROGATORY WORD FOUNDED AND USED BY LOOTERS, MARAUDERS, CRUSADERS, AND THE CORRUPT TO SLAVE PEOPLE, IN OUR BHARAT AND ITZ CULTURE WE SAY VASUDEVA KUTUMBAKAM,
y with saffron color only.if you are County lover it shld b painted with tri-colour of flag...shows there polarized thinking
Now India will start striking back through Twitter haha. Bring Antony back to the position if you people are incapable, he was not an extremist by nature but surely a man of action not words like you people. 56 inch, 1 surgical strike like the end of pakistan haha only good for publicity.
India is a poor country. Such costly entertainment is not required. IPL is enough for one
For last 60 years what has people done in LS ....only speaking and nothing else
In bog trouble?lol...do some research first
Dear visit lower assam and west Bengal. UP amroha and all states. You will realise why Islam Sunnism is doing world around
If you have no hatred than why are you always mentioning the religion in your comment #subhrangshu
Proper dose of anything is good but overdose is harmful. Playing our national anthem in the middle of the game is also an insult to it. It shows over patriotism only nullifies the very purpose and respect to our national anthem and many such people may not know the full version and meaning of it.
Exactly, exactly! ❤
Ur joining might hv made app right.so u r wrong in ur decision
We are supporting govt. let's see want is output waiting
Now you can join BJP A Imandar party.
Go on guys... the more you do it.. the bigger bjp gets.. lol.. 😜
Your comments reveal that who is that kind of persons .
Sir Congress is corrupt ok we understand what about BJPministers....mark them also and the officers of ur various department state level and central level........pls address them also....
Dont know ..how he feels really  But fact is if he takes back his son   he might be harrased by police... Etc.
Prashant Singh say abt Genocide of Dravids n casteism of millenia
What do you say about this guy's..??   https://m.facebook.com/story.php?story_fbid=824161424408271&substory_index=0&id=664804607010621
Think about it....!!! A fenced LOC, with heavey patrolling, creepy mines, surveillance radars, drones and most importantly mutilated soliders.... it seems something out of mind ..... one thing u should remember our army could be any kind but they always respect their enemy...!!
Is this launching of a bike or thronging of a princem
Eagerly waiting for 31st dec 2016. Modiji we want big announcements to unearth black money stashed in properties and benami properties. Money stashed abroad. We are looking at bright future for generations to come. Black money and corruption should be extinct.
Idiot we can't get our own money from the bank
//KCR has marketed his Bill to hike reservations as a move based on economic criteria claiming that it has nothing to do with religion or caste// KCR has to understand, reservation is not poverty alleviation scheme, it is there for only those social groups, historically who has been exploited, marginalized, rendered weaker. Muslims wanted window within OBCs, Supreme Court says, you can create subwindow within OBCs, without breaching 50% barrier, but not on the basis of religion.
Advertisement is even more powerful Mr. Feku!
Why not both?  😂😂
Khumtu Sanchong, do you live in moon? In India police do not work without media pressure. It is very good that the media has given wide publicity to this crime, and media pressure has forced the district administration to punish the warden.
they will bother about only muslim women, they wont worry about hindu women.
even tamilnadu has more reservation than prescribed
Does it a serious matter! Azaan wake up him but not #Muslims!Masques are empty during Fajr prayer! Why?
ok....new definition of Development....Akshay Kumar should give sensible reason for applauding Mann ki baat, otherwise he eyeing a RS seat or Award.
Mockery of the prize and the emotions attached to the same!
I'm a class 11 student... I want to ask the government....What the hell is happening??
*योगी आदित्यनाथ बाबा का देश को सन्देश....*  *यदि भारत के 121 करोड़ लोगों में से सिर्फ 10% लोग प्रतिदिन 10 रुपये का रस पियें तो महीने भर में होता है लगभग "" 3600 करोड़ ""...!!!!*  *अगर आप...* *कोका कोला या पेप्सी पीते हैं* *तो ये "" 3600 करोड़ "" रुपये* *देश के बाहर चले जायेँगे*  *कोका कोला, पेप्सी जैसी कंपनियाँ प्रतिदिन* *"" 7000 करोड़ "" से ज्यादा लूट लेती हैं..।*  *आपसे अनुरोध है क आप...* *गन्ने का जूस/ नारियल पानी/ आम/* *फलों के रस आदि को अपनायें और* *देश का "" 7000 करोड़ "" रूपये* *बचाकर हमारे किसानों को दें...।*  *"" किसान आत्महत्या नहीं करेंगे..""*  *फलों के रस के धंधे से* *"" 1 करोड़ "" लोगो को रोजगार मिलेगा और 10 रूपये के रस का गिलास 5 रूपये में ही मिलेगा...।*  *स्वदेशी अपनाओ,* *राष्ट्र को शक्तिशाली बनाओ*  *और ये मेसेज तीन लोगों तक जरुर पहुँचाये..* *मैसेज रुकना नहीं चाहिए..* *Cocacola* *Maggi* *Fanta* *Garnier* *Ravlon* *Lorial* *Huggies* *Pampars* *MamyPoko* *Libro* *Levis* *Nokia* *Macdownalds* *Calvin clin* *Kit kat* *Sprite* *Nestle* *Pepsi* *KFC*  *ये* *इसी लिए इन कंपनी के मार्केट भाव भी गिर गए है।*  *���� aap ke jitne bhi group ho us pe send kar na plZ*  *-कोलगेट* *नही था तो क्या भारत में* *पति पत्नी साथ* *नही सोते थे ?*  ******** *फेयरलवली नही थी तो क्या सब* *भारतीय* *नारी काली थी ?* . *- स्कर्ट* *नही थी तो क्या भारत* *में* *लडकियां पढती नही थी ?* . - *डिस्को नही था तो क्या भारत* *में संगीत* *नही था* . *- पैंटीन* *नही था तो क्या सब गंजे* *हो जाते थे ?* . - *अंग्रेजी नही थी तो क्या भारत* *में कोई* *ज्ञानी नही था ?* . . *स्वदेशी अपनाए देश बचाएे* *अगर* *सभी भारतीय 90* *दिन तक* *कोई* *भी विदेशी सामान* *नहीं ख़रीदे...* . . *तो भारत* *दुनिया का दूसरा सबसे* *अमीर देश बन सकता है..* . . *सिर्फ 90 दिन में ही भारत के* *2 रुपये 1 डॉलर के बराबर* *हो जायेंगे..* . . *हम सबको मिल कर* *ये कोशिश आजमानी चाहिए* *क्युकी ये देश है हमारा..!!!!* . . *हम जोक्स फॉरवर्ड करते हे.* *इसे भी इतना फॉरवर्ड* *करो की पूरा भारत इसे पढ़े ...* *और* *एक आन्दोलन बन जाय……!!* *Plz plz plz plz plz forward* *this* *Sirf 1 min lagega*
Take your religionism to the other states please!!
Remembering the media and the other political parties doing the same thing when Modi was chosen as the PM nominate of BJP, today we all know that the best thing to have happened to this country is Modi.  Getting similar feeling for Yogi now...
Also try to stop  violence from communists
Just clarifying, the data has been released by the government, right?
Gambhir uvi sehvag, rohit is better than anjikya , dhawan ,lokesh , pujara .jadav seems to be potential player now a days. Respect everyone no body knows the game of god ,how he plays .
Surgical strike on informal sector for paving a path to corporates under the shadow of JIONGOISM😂😂😂
Agree to nitin narang .....please punish bankers qho have supported pilingup new currency notes
Vinit sharma you have lot of complaints..  May be you are very much affected by demonetisation
Because he is rss guy
>> Kulgam attack: Bank employees were killed by CRPF men, Hizb || Militant outfit Hizbul Mujhadeen has claimed the responsibility of deadly Kulgam attack in which 5 police men and 2 bank employees were killed. Burhanuddin, Operational Spokesperson Hizbul Mujhadeen told news agency that militants didn’t kill the two bank employees but they were shot dead by CRPF personnel who were accompanying them. “We didn’t attack the vehicle with intent to loot the cash. We have enough cash. We condemn the killing of two bank employees and want to clarify that they were shot dead by CRPF personnel and not by militants,” Burhanuddin said adding that militants can never target innocent Kashmiris.
Everyone has right to share their opinion.
Hitler was good for Germany like that modi is good for india
That's a good one...no postmortem....otherwise...people will not come into mainstream 🙏🙏
Not so appreciable
Anna us sick he shyld just get well
Ma'roof Ahmed Khan saraswati originated from brahma itself, so how is she his daughter?
I hope the dynamic CM will take adequate action against the hospital.
Dear PM, hope you'll achieve the same. But you're going too fast and we expect you deliver it as well.
Not just that.. Some places  in India have attained unprecedented peace..what more do you want???
I can't even expect much better from the blind followers of him.
lol u r already a RSS man, how can you hide it now.
Misplaced priority took it to cowardice of Salaafi version of Jehadi ☹️
Rajkumar And here come the abuses like clockwork. Yes we are right wingers. Anyday, we'd rather be that than traitorous left wingers. Frankly, left wing terrorists are a bigger threat to India, even more so than Islamic terrorists. And certainly more so than fringe right wing groups that are woefully unorganized, and useless!  https://swarajyamag.com/politics/urban-naxalism-strategy-and-modus-operandi-part-1
They follow their prophet's footsteps. Do I need explain more?
He has actually spoken about sound pollution...irrespective of religion...media creates hype with some other masala using one particular religion...otherwise how will they run their news
Felicitate the Congress MLAs, who won in the elections. You may not get another chance to do so.
RSS agent Anna was & is .
Idiotlogegy
If u know about gau mutra so much then u must have tried it by urself coz I m interested only in body making not mind. How much ever brain I have that's enough for people like u too much is not good. Any comments on zakir and owasie and their freedom of speech
Demonitisation is like a medicine, it might taste sour to most of us but will show its effect slowly and steadily....
Guess they will suprise us,, launch would happen next year.. its only a trailer
But whats wrong in giving suggestions; He has opened the websits bharat ke veer; and if he some nice positive suggestion whats wrong in that; And I dont think that he goes around saying that he he is a great deshbhakt or something?
Same they did to akhlaq
Rose Kılınç I know dear. I agree with that I always say to reduce decibel point of loud speakers. When there are more mosques then 1-2 of them should only use loud speaker. But I hate the way he showed his hypocrisy. He has been my fav singer from a long time but the way he targeted us only and said others don't do anything like this is the thing I am against of.
PR gimmick. Is he responding to each and every victim of triple talaq. Such pretentiousness is sickening.
Made in russia just painted in india 😂😂😂😂
How  does Modi and you all care soo deeply about a lady when it comes to Triple Talaq in India and not a single word comes out of Modis mouth when it comes to Ladies getting raped in India on daily basis. YOU ALL MUST HAVE A HIDDEN AGENDA!
Where will we ride like this in India in DONGRI...40 CC banao
This is the time when anti national are exposed. People who are supporting black money hoarder will face action soon. Thank. you Modi ji. Now clear picture is emerging.
direct information from bajaj its not bike launch event :-D
Some ppl dnt understand these thngs...thy can only blame our pm...thy want chnge with out any chnge...good job sir...salute
Same guy shamed UDF when aadhar was launched... Everything is approximate which anyone can estimate to be any limit..proven data talks and not numbers on speeches.. Income tax is still squeezed from middle class..prices of fuel and other essential commodity is high only
Though the IITians and other talented people leave our country to get to do what they want, their base (family) is in India. Hence in spite of spending a part of income they earn, they save and remit it to India. Such remittances serve a great purpose of balancing the current account deficit of our country. Hence though they aren't contributing directly at the beginning of their careers, they benefit their families and indirectly our country. Reverse brain drain is a phenomenon that is widespread today. A lot of these talented people left our country because they could not find the right environment in our country to nurture their interest or talent. Nowadays a lot of them return back with distinctions that are recognised throughout the world and are contributing by helping to set up the atmosphere so that in the future, our people need not go abroad.
Indian politics doesn't have enough courage . We can never beat Pakistan.
Where is the black money? Y r u not naming n shaming the ppl whose money was found now?
Yes rss against secularism ad u communist are very secular like destroying india..making antinational agenda..👍🏻
No work make this men a nonsense to our society
A DALIT then I guess it's high time to remove reservation.
Same as BJP will win in Bihar 2015 election!!!
Who is shirish kunder..??? As if ppl knows him n will listen to him😂😂😂...bolo Jai Shree Ram
Proof reading guy must of asked for bribe and they refused. #fucktheworld 😂
Maybe Trump's executive order isn't quite as ""Islamophobic"" as the liberal media would have you believe? https://www.whyps.com/about-us
Pakistan was made by Islamic radicals, many of them are now trying to create another Pakistan in India.
Come on Bajaj... There's a bike to be launched. Cut the trash.
People in Tamilnadu have some sort of inferiority complex( I really don't know why) and that is why they are so servile!
The photographer we hired for a marriage is demanding 60000rs in cash. Where should we complain?
Sir ,With due respect i want to convey you that there are doubts in the trading community that by mere verbal assurances of not doing postmortems by concerned authorities will work! Pl see the example of corruption by black sheeps in banking sector in issuance of new notes!
Hizib claimed the responsibility but said bank employees shot dead by crpf... Bloody cowards
He is out of industry for a while no work, wants some public attention and issues like these are common these days to get back in action.
Better ask PM Modi because before becoming PM he was talking BIG things of destroying Pakistan & now why is he keeping quite.
Incredible india !!! All poor humans of the country should wear the skin Nd horns of cattle to get safety, food and shelter in the incredible india!!!
Why does anyone give importance to such tweets? No wonder, people come up with all kinds of trash. Ignore them, for heaven's sake.
Calling Erodgan sir and calling Modi Feku. True colors of a fundamentalist Muslim. You must be the next ISIS member. Go to Syria and fight. What are you doing in India?
Don't misguid the nations. Tell the truth Mr yellow journalist
This is arrogance of Shivsena.
Why India Should #ScrapIndusWatersTreaty Indus Water Treaty Is Illegal The case of the 1960 Indus waters treaty, it has been signed by then Prime Minister Jawaharlal Nehru and “nowhere it is declared that the said agreement/treaty has been signed in the name of the President of India”,  “According to the ministry of external affairs documents, nowhere disclosed agreement has been signed by the Jawaharlal Nehru for the President of India...,”   “According to the impugned agreement 80% water goes to Pakistan which is a serious injury to the fundamental right of the citizens of India coupled with further financial and natural injuries to national interest.”  If We Indians Keep Quit Today Our Future Generations Will Blame Us And Never Going To Forgive Us  India Need Be Like China Fast And Furious And Must Have Ability To Say On Face. China Claim South China Sea  China Made And Develop 7 Artificial Man Made Islands On The South China Sea So Quickly  Then Why Can't India Stop Water From Our Own States And Union Territories Of India We Need To Build More Dam On Indus River And Must Have Iccha-Shakti To Say Only One Sentence To World Bank F*ck Off  India Is Scraping Indus Waters Treaty  If China Can Do For Their Mother Land  Then Why Not India (If India Cannot Do) Then Their Is Some Serious Problem In Our Indian Government System With Our Political Partys And Also With Our Useless Politician. Who Just Know To Bark But Cannot Take Action.  http://siteresources.worldbank.org/INTSOUTHASIA/Resources/223497-1105737253588/IndusWatersTreaty1960.pdf
People are complaining about long queues outside atms.....w/o realising the bigger picture.The same people are more than happy to stand in queues for reliance jio sim....LOL 😄
Pakistan ke log marte ha to marne de gussa to itna aata BJP kya pani puri kha rhi ha Modi ji apne leader gungan kre ge
Is it news aor you are try to panic the people
Only if u can't get into one of them !
No he didnt try...he did it for up elections😒😑
Yadav hang aapproved by military  court.military  court  always   use for military  personal.yadav is military  man.it's  always universal  in the world. It's  not new.
Rahul Gandhi of BJP
India trying to miss lead international community  regarding loc cross firing
Seriously NO we don't want movies like kick and ek that tiger
Good PM let corrupted leaders bark, you keep your word, we are seeing new hope with you
Still waiting for Rahul Gandhi's grand expose of the PM. Why is he not speaking in parliament or doing a speech like this.
Indian Express better Use Burnol !!
Yes u r rit and people like u can always pull legs...
koi nai modi ji rehne do bss ab aap se nahi ho payega, bss ab to ek yhi kaam rh gya hai ki ek or celebrity doond lo jo unke baccho ka further expence utha paye😡😡 . Hope so aage kisi politician ki himmt ho jo apni aulaad ko shaheed hone pr fakrr kre or pakistaan ki iss karyavaahi pr KADI NiNDA kre
Satyam Bora please read that whole article
Abid...  1st news for your country and just wait...  We will punish Pakistan very badly
Only 7 residents of the area opposed the location of music night because of residential area and have some religious institutions. ..that's it
Saif Ali  just trying to defame Modiji , #haters
I have no deal with anyone. It's my opinion. And I think I have free to have one. He doesn't suit to play Bheema, that's all.😂😂😂😂😂😂
Very good move as it will reduce interest cost on goverment borrowing.Previous goverment in the past borrowed so much money in the past to meet expentiture .Central & State goverment used to present deficit budget. Goverment is doing its best to improve finances.This will help in containing inflation & more money for development.Banks should now reduce borrowing rates on home & personal loan, so demands  pick up resulting more employment
old news -any way why don't c-17 directly land in beijing , why hitting around the bush , luck favors the brave
One thing i wonder about former RM LALU ji is how out of so many graduated RM,he is the only one to show profit in railways management eventhough he is illiterate.shame on other graduated RM.Your education didn't outperform a illiterate at all.
BJP creates Audiences for him... through their Media agencies.  He's dancing on the tunes of BJP... bcz AAP exposed BJP's EVM fraud.
U trolled her correct.... I  sure she is another kanhaiya kumar in making. She doesnt have problem with ANTI NATIONALS like umar khalid.
Well said Saurabh..Mr Ali as far as i know Mr Manmohan Singh is a very educated man but what he gave to this country?? A basket full of Curruption & scandals...Unlike the present PM who is hardly educated but still if you like guys like Ex PM and Congress party then bro can't help.
Its a great effort by the poor people who need money on daily basis not we who have cards and online access and please next time someone give a chair to this person standing for such a long time for our country
Hahaha surgical strike by pakistan army 300meters inside disputed territory where ur 8 hundred thousand randian army there hahahaha they even can't protect their border
Proud of PM Modi, Congress party is dragging the country back
Promoting protective sex is immoral? Since when?
By using microphone and speakers are maybe disturbing sleep of people from other religions. As devout Muslims know their prayer timing, it is better to avoid using these speakers. There are so many Apps available now to remind the prayer timing.  While making comments to other's comments, please use good language. Abusive language should be avoided
Sorry to say, he was our PM for 10 years..
on this matter no rapid action took place , rule of is same but waiting and keeping insight to the personality.
Iit is not everything
Where is swiss bank money and u r thinking the whole country working peoples is criminal  Where r politions money
Sahil it wont b surpsng u cuntry lets hafez sayed roam freely on whom un has put a bounty n usin the d sm stage ur pm says burhan wani was a peace lovin leadr kild by  IA
What about vande Matram and yoga opposition? What about  Uniform civil code ?
If courage ask for files from modi or any state govt. I fear sir for a heart attackon seeing things on those file. Anna ji playing politics. He is awake when has to say against Kejriwal but in deep sleep if asked about lokpal or questionable things about bjp.
What does he has other than skilled way of talking
They won't get goats there
Hahaha those who argue modi the coward man to do something are world foolish peoples. Modi can killed only unarmed innocent Muslims in india. He can't thing even in dream to face pakistan now.
Pls come out of politics and work for the betterment of our country , which is needed desperatley at present moment.
#KRK is happy because this video broke his records of taking cuss words.
Unlike Sonam Kapoor , Aishwarya Rai, andother celebs who endrose fairness creams, hair products which inly damage your hair in the end, She is in an advt that will eventually save many from catching STDs and unwanted pregnancies. Where is immorality? Time to ponder.
As Nithin Gadkari said; ""if criminals enter the party, we lessen their faults and increase their merits"". The act qualifies him to Share the stage with Yogi Adithyanath. To empower the criminals to rule the nation is extremely patriotic act.  Pray that rest of parties don't follow BJP in this regard.
We don't need terrorists supporter idea. Pls let him keep his thoughts with him.
Shameful act !
Why didn't u stopped 500 and 1000 notes from 8pm on 8th of nov.why have u given 4 extra hours to people to cover bkack money in books.
Then why such a Tweet.
Agra Lucknow express way was part of Ganga express way project of Mayawati government and Metro project was also from mayawati government extensio of Delhi nodia metro project. Akilesh just taking credit of maywati government projects and changed names..
Who they r saying negative about midi and not supporting him they will suffer in future...great job modiji
RSS agent
Simple reporter having Bad past of taking a ""Nabalig"" girl on tv for attaching in mob for marriage.....Ya every one has bad past.... how Raju will react....of course same way.....He might have got good offer that if you ""COULD"" by your midea expertise can spoil the Madison Gaden show or rather complete visit you will be rewarded by this & that... When he saw its price going away ....definitely any one will get angry........ finally how many channels some one can change Boss....Raja logo ko deep dikhate hain Chaiwale ko kaise pasand karenge...bhai....come on Raju be a sport....He may not be good at speaking English but ""Einglish"" is not the perameter of intelligence....for sure... & you are proof of that...
True!!!
Didn't expect this from Indian Express. Such a bogus title.
they are launching cute & hot models - I guess the bike is incidental
Secure.... hahahaha... my friends sister in law lost 5000 in paytm...
He has a timing, Delhi mcd elections!!
Aishwarya Padmanabhan..but every person on this earth has to hv an identity..it is very necessary..wt a 22 year old girl with a spoon fed life wud know about the struggles of women in our country..it is very very necessary for women to acquire equal space in worksphere if we ever dream of equality!!
What happened deleted comments may be he is spying for CIA
Then what should he do Ek toh tumhe bachae bhi Army Pathar bhi maro tum unhe
You showed your colour brother...come back after sometime
India will react by not playing cricket with Pakistan or they ll make a bollywood movie against Pakistan in which they will show their army doing surgical strike... lol
Dude we have 10,000 manuscripts,books vedas . U can't expect me to follow all of them . Many of them r paradoxical to each other . So cow is sacred to indians google ""nandi bail""
modiji hypnotised RBI & FM so he speaks and thinks through them.slight planning or delay in between Rs1000 & Rs500 phasing out could have been a better solution for the common man.now all are suffering.thanks modiji.its gods wish.
And you were watching the entire episode through your binoculars  Right!!!  Learn some logic and reason;though it could be a tall ask
so??? is this news
Okay, Leave akshay kumar. Concentrate on Sonus intentions behind the tweet.
Today visited in sbi bank deposit 1000 sbi charge to us 57.50 for inter city tras charge same ful
This game of money will never get over as long as evil is in the World
Also name caste,community, blood group of all topers.
But it seems the pill got  stuck ìn the throat of the doctor  himself!
Plz listen carefully BJP will even kill its own people and demolish masjids even Mandira just to increase its power in whole India and implement RSS coward ideology in India. During opposition  time they were showing jingoism  on such mishaps;now you will see they will do any other ad like story to fool majoritarian s
E v m
Money problem. Every one on this show is after money. ₹ 1.20 crore per episode to be shared by all including laughing Buddha Piddhu Paaji.
Nd ur Fake,Fakeu.:D
If people get more money withdrawals then it is impossible to get more money to people who r stocking huge and crore of bundle
Dear Indian Express, I feel sorry to write that your journalists are out there to misinterpret events and present them in a distorted manner just to make some sensational headlines. The news about upcoming singer Nahid Afreen has been prepared without proper research and investigation. It was very sad to see that your journalists don't even know the difference between fatwa and appeal.  A fatwa is a non-binding legal opinion issued only by a qualified jurist (Mufti) on a request by someone who is unable to understand religious guidelines whereas the leaflet that is being circulated and presented as Fatwa is just a hard copy of an appeal signed by 46 men who believe in religious practices. The merit of appeal can be discussed on many grounds and in many dimensions but first and foremost, an appeal can not be called a legal opinion (Fatwa).  We expect apology from your side for such a mistake.
It appears that there is more indiscipline in the country. It is advisable to give good education to all so that they learn to be polite and good moral characters.
Work for law and order and nothing else and remove all illitrate politicians from the system
No bosses over there take fare actions . Employee who are onroles they treat the person working on 3rd party payrole as their servant
Modi vote lena jante he senik sahid ho rahe he kuch bhi nahi karegha
Now we have to eat according to the dictates of the government.
Good prediction..he qualified for bjp ticket now..
How is it so? okey then in what way they enjoy success everyday.
Just started.
Modi ji aur kintn din hamara jawan & officer apna jeevan ki balidan dangay.plz do the auction immediately.Pakishtan ko bara jawab dow.Bharat mata ki jay.
She didn't mean the other babies are. Cmon. She was just referring to her own baby. And since it's her first child it's very obvious she's still learning to be a mother.
See the stupidity of indian PM who is worried about summer instead of country   In the 31st edition of 'Mann Ki Baat', Prime Minister Narendra Modi addressed the nation on a number of topics and issues including VIP culture in our country, bridging the gap between rich and poor, and also encouraging students to try new things during their summer vacations. However, one piece of advice that has really touched a chord with people on social media is PM Modi's suggestion on putting out water for birds and animals this summer. With temperatures soaring across the country, PM Modi suggested children take up this initiative as it will not only help the creatures but also instill empathy in children.
Let me see....How many MUSLIM men stand up for this Poor Lady ??
Omer Majeed why u abuse krishna ? krishna created prophets like muhmmad and u abused him ?
In a country where Maa Durga is worshipped as the Universal Mother, a bunch of hooligans in a University, celebrate the demon whom she killed as a martyr and say she was a sex worker who seduced him and killed him after honeymooning with him. That is allowed as free speech by Congress and Left who went to defend those in the University. And now when a woman Minister reads that out as to what was happening in the University from the University authenticated documents, because evidence was asked, she was not being allowed to speak and interrupted with yelling and shouting and now they demand an apology from her, wait and take a deep breath, for blasphemy! This, my friends, is the hypocrisy of Congress and Left who support free speech, and this my friends, is the hypocrisy of the pseudo-liberals and pseudo-feminists in this country, who would allow a real abuse of Mother and Mother land in a University in the name of free speech, but will not defend a woman who happens to be a Minister of a party that does not follow their ideology. Such tolerance, much hypocrisy!
Yeah and their semi auto pilot system will break down. Hehe... Indians don't obey traffic rules. I don't know how that's gonna play out. Big Test for Tesla. ;)
Modiji if you can make from your mother a net. Transaction or mobile payment we can understand your saying as we also have mother they don't have security to do paymnet by net or mobile
That's how my padosi Aunty sings while she is in the shower
Please give 15lakh to my bank. It was your primary promise !
If he happen to be a cow then what will be the condition? Helicopter ambulance to the patient?
Simple....The only thing the BJP doesn't do is appeasement while the rest are more or less same
Excellent! So what's his plan ? Relocating to Sukma or be Kanhaiya's, Shehla's, Omar's prof in JNU or relocating to Pakistan ? We have to know. National security is very important
These calculations are waste of time, the ultimate winner will be AAP with a thumping majority.
Those ppl with swanky cars..big bungalow..extra moolah..to go for and buy designer labels...are sooo screwed....
Talking like stupid.  Don't understand why some people follow him :(
Indian democracy : laws made to save the corrupt politicians.  US democracy: laws made to save country from corrupt politicians
Great job Modi ji.. only those people are against who's black money is of no use now.
Tell your pm to go and eat cake on birthday without invitation, hehe
Hope it's not hosted by that lady in specs...!!! (the one who conduct's the market closing show) it's hard to tolerate her!
Judiciary system of India.........????????
yes, last 60 yrs had been great years of happiness for all Indians.
Appreciate his thoughts and views""""depends on every citizen to understand and allow to implement
Shes right about nepotism but i do agree that she plays the victim card a lot
Who is Mira Rajput ? What has she achieved to make her opinion matter ?   Read about this girl .Her husband died for the country , instead of crying she decided to join the army herself .   That's feminism ..Not being a trophy wife .. Planning parties and enjoying celebrity status because of ur husband.  https://lm.facebook.com/l.php?u=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.theindusparent.com%2Fhats-off-martyrs-wife-keeps-promise-joins-indian-army&h=ATOfxti_6sGZcR-BmY9IaDR8ygNxk4lpR2h8RulE77w1vC-37qXP0RPoMPsBhtVRuScuP3PKLwxdaj0VLZN7krDQEybkvWOdzD4UktL07Fc4OJ6cOAAgpj_xQip2xClM_xzojI_7UBG3wX30SP8&enc=AZNAHQWA9maFf_P_NSPfWv6ye87Uj6LhurX2LpA0ddON71qIIhQk2yAckrfVQU4jBCAjHB-Mu2tnvC0kQUCooAmhHESsbsEIwcJtIJTAWbiI8olmVwn4_74jXxndCJ4TtmmznlAXENp53mPKYoYzEjEw5p9ewRRslRgPV5bOPqXtkoXRcmYedjWhKPg30wDqrEk5lZ-dn-WA3AbXQvqoR1z5FTh4oQLBgZ9qwABysyOPKEIknRYN33LscK9_TSpGw0JR-jUgm2awpWscZDYE7dZxKyE6OSZaouL4RVqApRi0WDMeZuhb9Gee06Vi0Z-fXxU&s=1
Ha ha ha but serious matter.
Obviously this Alkesh is from Moon? He does not Know the phenomenon called Amitabh Bachhan!Even though I like his screen presence more than this movies but to be so ignorant is a crime!
shut up please. no more... nation is gone to it's worst.
Mr modi please look at ordinary people they are really suffering
Keep control on words. Talk in a decent language. It seems the success of Modi has gone to his head. Cool down & keep your feet on mother earth. Do not fly you will come down very fast
Propaganda master ..  Opportunist  Fanning communal tension   Corrupt ....check his source of income....
He is a respectable & responsible leader , we can't forget his service when he was finance minister ,i don't appreciate his pm tenure ,as far as his statement is considered all parties are same engaged in looting innocent janta .
finally he spoke... all these years his mouth was stitched.... Ex PM sir, you look good when your mouth is closed.... talking does not suit you.....
I guess Rahul Gandhi or Mamta Banerjee would make India strong again....but again really they can?????
ARUNACHAL PRADESH, INDIA - HIDDEN GATEWAY for CHINA'S NEED OF SUSTAINABLE GLOBAL RIPARIAN TRANSPORTATION SYSTEM  =======================================  Arunachal Pradesh of india, the land of rising sun, undisputed beauty queen of Nature & powerhouse of hydropowers is always been a bone of contention between India & China.  But why china is so adament to have Arunachal Pradesh as part of Tibet ? Is it mere Riligioustic or Geo-politics or Militaristics or Expansionist mindset of China ? Why China is playing a zero-sum game knowing fully well that India will not part with Arunachal Pradesh  at any cost ?   It is undoubtedly clear to everybody that the CORE GROWTH ENGINE of china's economy has been SUSTAINABLE RIPARIAN TRANSPORTATION SYSTEM which has two componants as LOCAL & GLOBAL features.   It is the GLOBAL FEATURE which makes ARUNACHAL PRADESH of India via NAGALAND as GATEWAY for china to the SHORTEST riparian transportation system based upon RIVER KALADIN of MYANMAR to the BAY of BENGAL (through Sittwe Sea Port of Myanmar which will eventually form KOLKATA-DHAKA-SITTWE economic corridor powered by 'BANGLADESH-BHUTAN-INDIA-NEPAL MULTILATERAL HIGHWAY' linked with INDIA-MYANMAR-THAILAND TRILATERAL HIGHWAY thereby effectively replacing NORTH EAST of INDIA as HUB of ACT EAST POLICY of INDIA with BENGAL, INDIA) as current global riparian transportation system takes too much times & distances to cover. That is why CHINA keeps disputing the ARUNACHAL PRADESH thereby giving much irritation to the India and preventing both powerhouses to realise full mutual prosperities.  But this ZERO-SUM game can be reversed by MIGHTY RIVER BRAHMAPUTRA. Having RORO facility at DHUBURI & elevated the status of DHUBURI, ASSAM, INDIA to the status of INTERNATIONAL SPECIAL ECONOMIC ZONE , river brahmaputra can provide peaceful & sustainable riparian solution to above discussed problem and for this both India & China Government have to build following multilateral economic corridor powered by inland, road & rail networks (taking both Bangladesh & Bhutan Government on-board) , namely , ""DHAKA-DHUBURI-THIMPHU-LHASA-BEIJING (DDTLB) ECONOMIC CORRIDOR "".
U still are a kid to know BJ P and their politics thts all I can say coming in Mercedes does not make a diff if you see im wht cars I travel out here.
Air pollution bound to stay with us for ever. this has become part of indian culture.
lacs crores spent for 5 campaigning only from tax payers money.
Watch this video u will know what sort of guts they carry
I believe he has expressed my view as well
Dear Indian Express, I feel sorry to write that your journalists are out there to misinterpret events and present them in a distorted manner just to make some sensational headlines. The news about upcoming singer Nahid Afreen has been prepared without proper research and investigation. It was very sad to see that your journalists don't even know the difference between fatwa and appeal.  A fatwa is a non-binding legal opinion issued only by a qualified jurist (Mufti) on a request by someone who is unable to understand religious guidelines whereas the leaflet that is being circulated and presented as Fatwa is just a hard copy of an appeal signed by 46 men who believe in religious practices. The merit of appeal can be discussed on many grounds and in many dimensions but first and foremost, an appeal can not be called a legal opinion (Fatwa).  We expect apology from your side for such a mistake.
Each statement minister should speak to RBI, get daily allocation for new money, ensure that the money reaches the poor and far flung areas. The bank manager / branches should disperse money to the poor in villages and the owners of the tea garden estate (e.g.) they should speak to CM, get allocation of new money from STATE govt (RBI) and disperse money to poor people.  Also the state government should provide the food (rice and Atta) from govt warehouse against the AADhar card. Why and what is the ThinkTank doing???  They should help drive the cause of curbing black money and the new money being seized should be put into circulation  and allocated to bank so that ATM can dispense money. The new money caught till date is 50 Cr. this could be dispensed to more than 250,000 public if given Rs 2000 each
ohoo ?? Good
But still its poison.......
Stop all this as country prestige on test and enemy be taught lesson first at all costs and sacrifices.
Congratulation Indians u won . This is only just the stay order's. Doesn't matter court didn't said that he is innocent.  And second thing he is still in our jail. Remember how sarbijit Singh died in jail. It can happen to him also. So don't be happy.
how come none of those people seated there have not yet thrown something on to the stage
Anna is doing drama. Why is silent about lokpal if he is gandhivadhi why not doing satthyagraha for lokpal well educate people know kejri he was part of the Central Govt and he is well know how ll do work. Not like that modi saab all people are not fool...
we are & we can deal Pak Army Appropriately but we have to  deal equally with Pak Rakshak Gangs in our soil
Ha ha lies again ...
AAP attacks army, sides separatists. Kaviver comes to do cover up. THen changes his statement ""Mera ye matalb nahi tha"" Dont fool us. We are not from delhi.
When one of their own sings a Bhajan they take out a Fatwa.Most intolerant religion.
It's call unemployment lol
10 Useful Windows Commands You Should Know...commands that should be useful even if you’re not a command-line person...even windows -just spend 10 minutes every day -learn slowly -and apply -one day you will become the expert of command prompt -----google search.
aby Sharma, AAP is not with any criminals.. AAP is with Aam Aadhmi.. Its not support any party. Vote for AAP.
They should focus on dairy farming. Country's milk adulteration rates are too high anyway.
My family is hardworking unlike your family. They will not take even a paisa for free.
courageous or not , but how can a human be still annoyed with a dead.
Dont worry i will appeal to the the transport authority regarding ur concern. Till then use ur feet as mode of transport
Hats off for ur sily move. Common people are sufering not u cheaters ..
hike is not a problem for the people but the proper and effective utility of the amount so earned or amount subsidy saved is a billion $ question. Will that saved subsidy will go to the corpus of corruption?
Modi is least bothered about this chap...teen talak will be banned...a strict law will come and make this kind of muslims straight...life of muslim womens will be secure after this law...
in 1971 we can have kill ur 93000 army but we leave them and not did any bargaining.it is India
Dear Islam is a holy faith and Quran is a holy book  But why all world is against Islam only.   Why so much population blast everywhere by Muslims only  Why whenever there is a terror activity in 9 out 10 cases there is a Islamic jehadi outfit  Why women are treated as children producing machine in islam  Why Muslims prefer madrsas education rather than modem scientific education   Why sunnis are killing there fellows who follow bit different faith  Why Muslims hate other faiths   If one needs blood. He won't match religion but check blood group
Why no chutiya liberal & sickular stands for the miseries of Kashmiri Pandits? Why no liberal bukchod returned their awards on their miseries? Why no one shouted slogans in JNU for killing & raping of Kashmiri Pandit women by islamic militants?
Satyam Gupta simply project rahul gandhi as pm, then all the problem will be solved 😢
As Mr Nandan Nilekani said, this will usher in digital economy at a rapid pace. He said that what would have taken six years may happen now in six months.
Anna Hazare is solely responsible for creating a monster ""Kejriwal"" who has crossed all limits of stupidity.
IS INDIAN CONSTITUTION MAINLY FROM ""FRANCE & IRELAND""...IS IT SO...? DOES THAT MEAN OTHERS ARE SLAVES...?PLEASE TELL THE DEADLINE HOW LONG WILL WE BE RULED....?
Even they took there saman to show to there ladkis c this is real saman of a real mardh,
These ads talk about flavour also! Don't forget this side too. STD and flavour talks!!
Vemula Karthik Mr. Andhra have you visited Kerala and its restaurants ever. Try our parota and beef fry or curry and check out the customers who eat them. Ask them their religion and you might get a whack on your face.
New theology in freedom struggle. By a Hindu marxist
We have already given them reply in surgical strike they r rats in front of g8 army...They send their terrorist fight with all of them will b send to hell
a specific group ( obviously politically biased) in India also , supported Trump's politics during election , even they prayed to God for his win. i hope , every concerned public is understanding my direction. may be they are supporting this killing too. because it comes from the same communal and racist mentality.
According to HM and PM---- hum iski kari ninda karte hain!an oft repeated statement!
He would have been expelled from the party 😜
Saurabh Shinde Sharing his opinion without reading the whole story is wrong. He just picked one of the 27 frames.
Worst reporting from media. Whole video aimed at something else, Made into something else
Ofc they should be seen as a lowlife. Cause inexperienced opinions won't help anyone. Anyways, your point would have been considered, for you are into IIT. BUT since you haven't seen the real ""IIT"" thing, your opinion is invalid.
Abraham u asked me the same question and again u copied and pasted this question
But you were wrong to let him use you and your platform.
extreme right wing
We got to see nice move.  But we actually don't know what's ur reason for such move.  But I can say one thing it was not executed properly.
After announcement of demonstration every minute u change ur statement ur so confused We Indian don't want confused PM please
Venky - has to KMA Modi every now and thenn to keep his job as minister. He lost the 12014 election by a huge margin and then sneaked in through the back door - India is the only democracy in the world that allows defeated politicians to become ministers - utter disbgace when these fakes start sermonisung .
You are correct Trump is highly obliged by Indian Hindus who prayed hard for his victory. Muslim never prayed for his success. But I am truly telling you I prayed for Trump's success and even today I appreciate his Nationalism and wish him more success. I will be happy the day Trump kicks Saudi Arabia and Kuwait because they too are the same fundamentalist Muslims as that of the seven countries he banned.
Bollywood has been the fiefdom of select few and those who raise voice against are ostracised. It's good that some one has raised the issue.
S Kumar Kumar dont talk like this. If i started to abuse you cant bear
I stand by him.I'm sick of the mentality of the goddamned liberals refusing to address the elephant in the room...we need a few hundred thousand people like him....
Maybe bharat ratna also!
What issssss that anger ???? Its not a conclusion to be right
I am not against BJP but now where is that people who were saying terrorist activities will reduced after Demonitisation? ? So please don't be on path of Congress....
Same on you mr.  Pm. Jab chair nahi to sab sher the abb billy ho gaye ho.  Saram karo or kitne marwaoge
So is je useless or redundant that he has no power on this decision to make or break?
We are happy,  don't required your theory,  go and wash your face
Yes white boss you made a right decision you did not join with Kejriwal God saved Kejriwal and AAP as well Delhi people from this culprit
Why is anti national in quotes?? Is it that being an ISI operative is also ok and that only those dissent at liberals are anti nationals??
You got Rss
We have seen ur kind of SUR JE KAL strikes so far.......! No need of retaliation hahahahaha
By one stroke it can be reversed. Make it mandatory for all public servants ( leave the politicians) to admit their wards to govt school only. Next comes the next neighbourhood school for all independent of caste , creed, class and religions. In fact once the govt servants are compelled they will ensure the later.
I am happy to see he speaking for the first time in the last 14 years...He is very smart and intellectual and there is no way anyone can be compared to him...we are so unfortunate to have this kind of people talking for Gandhis but not for country...
This plan is a huge success for me..if the tax ambit is increased from 2 to 10%
There you are, this is not it more to come :D be prepared common 👨
the most hard working and non corrupt PM ever India got..
How a BJP sympathiser will join AAP?
No One Has Been Able To Accuse The Central Govt Of Corruption: FM
Just wait and see. We will respond very hard this time at our place and time.
Wow great pak army zindabad ..... feelng proud ... I thnk jab bat ki team ne indian k 2 soldiers ko maara tab india soldier soo rhe the shayad ... I think yeh toh sugrical strike ho gai :P
Mr.Annaji you dont command any respect now,your hopes of Bharat Ratna is dashed by Arvind Kejriwal and you have been branded as Agent of RSS hence you sleep like Kumbhkarn for 5 year when NDA govt working
The more they criticizes the better he will do, the so called liberal media will actually help him do better by criticizes him
I am in gulf country I hv money what will I do .....
Rohit ji or samit ji here siting by compermise just only toking fight on TV out side friends they belong RSS.
Wht options left for students when state behaves like this ...thanks politicians for making education a business..
do something solid and satisfactory pakistan will never change but we have to change
As if these things didn't happen at all during the goondaraj
Why do you join aap annaji, u had all ready join with RSS. Bjp.
Frightening !
Sir you are a good pm and will always be but when somebody asks me are your problems solved after 2014 I don't have satisfactory answer to that I hope your step of demonitisation will give me a satisfactory answer not interested in blame games weather it is from you or opposition parties
This shows he doesn't have much projects on his hands. At least something is required to be in a limelight even if one has to use cheap tactics..!!!
One mean news finally,thank you.
Killing people is in his blood. He was also mentally challenged in his teens.
Dude pay in rouble if it still has value !!!
Sir, Bring in the policy one institution one account for every transaction. Every transaction done should be cashless. Nice move to change the indian economy. Convenience should be made for effecting this move.
Totally agree... Undue credit waste if money, whereas those who are actual talent struggling and facing notoriety of casting couch had to leave industry as film makerslike karan johar etc patronize them to leave industry. I would like to tell please stop making bogus family drama movies.🤗
Biased by propaganda,true Gandhian.
U r govt is not safe for hindhus
According to hazare there is only 1 corrupt party and corrupt leader in India   ak  and aap.         Wrong glasses ? :)
We request to Indian embassy Riyadh please take action
Has he become just another Markandey Kataju? Giving statements after statements only for TRP.  Where are his genuine supporters?  Where is 'HIS' Janlokpal Aandolan?  . By now he should have learned that people support AK more than him because everyone knows in India nothing can be changed without power.
He can vacate his house from such areas
MODI is M-- Man                 O-- Of                 D-- Developing                 I--  India
""President"" ?? ha ha ha
Some of Mira's comments may stem from the judgement that full time mothers face today. Feminism is surely about choice. Child rearing is often a group activity and it is up to all the people involved in rearing the child to decide what role each one of them will play. Sometimes, it's a group; grandma, grandpa, mom and dad; so each one of them is able to do other stuff while spending a part of the day with the child. Sometimes both parents divide the responsibility. Sometimes, one parent prioritizes work and the other one is a full time caregiver. Sometimes you hire dependable help. No configuration is wrong. Economic factors also play a role in the decision. What I find a bit jarring is that she almost seems to shame working mothers for bringing up their children like a ""puppy"". As long as all parties (including the mother) have a choice, then it's all good.
Dear friends..I am  Bangladeshi & I also  a Muslim, I always proud of my religion. Unfortunately shocked me the news thatt was unexpected from sonu ji!   I live behind a temple.. most of time they are celebrated religions functions smoothly!  we also injoy with there. We have no excuse there job. But our azan is absolutely sweet & flexible.  who kip it up his mind he understood the significant of azan. It obviously an encourage all Muslims to pray for Allah!!!
About deaths.... we sacrificed crores people for freedom. This is biggest revolution after freedomfight. We need sacrifice to defeate biggest cancerof society
When our nation will rise/walk from the deep sleep. As pakistani daily killing our soldier in the border and security forces and civilian in the country.
Thats the best u cud have replied ? Absolutly no Remorse.
It's like BJP mukt south india and CONG mukt north India
And the #akhlaq killer was draped in #tricolor
Or jihadi Terrorist or wahabi Terrorist? Or terrorist opposing triple talaq? One must consider everyone. What u trying to excuse here , n following same thing
Modiji now, Manoj Tiwari will have to become Chief Minister of Delhi, otherwise people will continue to conspire against him on other hand he may himself have conspire to get Z-security ...VERY SMART BHOJPURI KALAKAR
And actually she has never had a career, so her perspective isn't of consequence yet ... her choices are her own but just because a successful actress like Kareena Kapoor works after having a baby and Mrs Shahid Kapoor doesn't it really is of no consequence ... work is not always just a necessity ... it is often a passion and this person obviously hasn't found it yet ... good luck to her :P
Only cow is safe! Oh what a government and religion!  I studied Hinduism for three months but these people are different.
Enough of this stupid debate... How come she became successful.... 10-15 years down the line we will see her view on neoptism
She said her daughter is not a puppy. Doesn't mean everyone else's kids are puppies!
Lol 😂if they open the gates of the  dam, water won't flow !! Maybe they should pump out the water and let it flow to tamilnadu!! That's the only way!!
Beauties????
So it should be ok to play loud aarti at 5am
Now India will start striking back through Twitter haha. Bring Antony back to the position if you people are incapable, he was not an extremist by nature but surely a man of action not words like you people. 56 inch, 1 surgical strike like the end of pakistan haha only good for publicity.
So when i say india is more closer to Arabic world... Right wing u better open ur mind!!
Miralidharan don't be bhagat try to understand what he has to say
JNU deserves it at present because students prefer to fail in this university for years together to have free meals , free accommodation , free sex & politics to get themselves aware in public by Third-rate Medias.
huge respect for your love to nation more than family.. Students of JNU & DU have learnt a lesson from this great Father.
Was it on zee news😊
True watever u r saying but still middle class people are facing the problem..
Tanzeb Khan People Like You Always Put Religion Above The Country That's Why Muslims are Called Traitors and Hated. Just Look at Yourself What Erdogan Said He is a Pro Pakistani Who want Kashmir for Pakistan and Always Support Pakistan Despite the Fact Still You are Praise Him Calling Sir. LOW LIFE PEOPLE!!
The Great Powers should avoid such dangerous inhumnan dramas to happen in the society.. . it creates bad results on one's health
Well first of all muncipal corporation need to keep cows off the streets. Its cows owner's responsibility.
It is greatest among all toppers .. Toppers among toppers ..I am general category guy , I say Dalits scientific skills are equivalent to westerners. It is this science views saving India from poverty , illogical thoughts , black vs white divisions etc... IT workers cannot even missile , so we have to rely on science .
WHEN EVERY INDIAN HV TOILET ? AFTER 200 YEARS AS 65 CRORES INDIAN USING SKY ROOF AS A TOILET .
Just Two school student Fights and this Prestitute naming it Communal...!!!
Why suddenly this new topic has become everyday talk,it was not being talked for many months.... It can not be sudden plan. But, demonetisation and sucking out money, like this not a solution and also no concern for poor and middle class running life with hard cash, Sir. Digicash is good and easy, but not a mass solution for our nation.
webcasting only technical issue imagine how the bikes technical issue would be god save bajaj :)
There r over 7 lakh people protesting in a silent way in the second longest beach of the world !! - THE MARINA, CHENNAI !! #BanPeta #JusticeForJallikattu
Everything long term here. May be the results will be seen after 70 years as they have to undo the doings of the past govt in the last 65 years.
Looking at comments section, I am convinced that pro demonetization people are unbiased just because their intelligence...
M to samajta the ki bjp wale bolne se jyda kaam karne m faith karte h ,,,,modi ji k hoye hue bs bdi bdi baat karna achha nhi lagta ,,jawab dijiye ,,,ab do or die karna ka time ho gaya h or ab bs vahi honi chahiye
^then you should get 14 injections
Watch the video before writing such stupid title.!!
Ur people r desecrating holy Quran, the peace msg of Islam
Where he is barking , in lok Subha or on road ?
Just shame Mr MLA  one day when you're not in power you will face same treatment till wait
No bdy knows about villagers they r going to dead 💀 why he is great pm give me reason???
See who is saying this , DId u have taken permission to speak😂
Misbehavior of MLA's is nothing new. In the presence of Public they want to show their authority to gain popularity. The Police was acting  as per the law. To interfere is like diluting authority of law agencies. He could have discussed the issue with the lady officer instead of acting foolishly.
Drama
Live and let live.If somebody hits national interest because of religion..take care of him/her
This is what mom shaming means. A mother is not just meant to stay home. We are meant to show our kids we too can contribute to society and economy and can hold our own in the Board Room.
By cherry picking and posting the answers of dropouts and ignoring the ones who have said positive?
he is a half learned and biased view person.....his views r now a days baseless.....it reflects his biased view  and one sided thinking
And Modi has fulfilled your hopes by constituting LOKPAL....your main motive towards India-against-corruption agitation was to depose the congress government.....
Die ..Instead of helping equality ..Everyone wants to be spoon fed ! Pathetic
Is this our democracy??? Incorrect
Now nothing to do by your explanation who know its was Cow Meat or some other Meat its was told by your Restaurant Friend that its Beef ( Thats all Mam ) The whole nation has seen your Video. Now where are those so called Gau Rakshak those idiots why dont they ask her in this regard ?
After paying so much bribes to officials where there is money for good material
]BLACK MONEY CONVERTED INTO KAAL SARP YOG INTEAD IMPLANT IT INTO THE EARTH IN THE FORM OF PLANTS.
...and we thought the talented guy who posts your b grade news; is on leave! Lost your credibility to be responsible yet again.
Dear Indian Express, I feel sorry to write that your journalists are out there to misinterpret events and present them in a distorted manner just to make some sensational headlines. The news about upcoming singer Nahid Afreen has been prepared without proper research and investigation. It was very sad to see that your journalists don't even know the difference between fatwa and appeal.  A fatwa is a non-binding legal opinion issued only by a qualified jurist (Mufti) on a request by someone who is unable to understand religious guidelines whereas the leaflet that is being circulated and presented as Fatwa is just a hard copy of an appeal signed by 46 men who believe in religious practices. The merit of appeal can be discussed on many grounds and in many dimensions but first and foremost, an appeal can not be called a legal opinion (Fatwa).  We expect apology from your side for such a mistake.
Who doesn't understand your thoughts they have brain tumour, they never understood
How by anti romeo squad? Or bashing by goons in the name of religion.
Now after killing Bhogi had become Yogi And in process Yogi had become Bhogi
SIR, SORRY YOU HAVE CREATED MONSTOR FOR INDIA-WE ALL HAVE TO PAY BUT BAD DAYS  WILL BE OVER WITH MR MODI TEAN, PL DO NOT REPET MISTAKE AGAIN
An innocent citizen of India was murdered by a gang of thugs in Rajasthan!
PLZ PLZ PLZ PLZ SHARE THIZZZZ If u want to give justice to DAMINI's soul,,,,than follow this n share this,,,  write a letter to PRIME MINISTER'S OFFICE, NEW DELHI with this content,,,  ""WE WANT JUSTICE, if u can't do this than leave your post""  address of PMO:- South Block, Raisina Hill, New Delhi-110001 Phone +91-11-23012312,23013149 Fax +91-11-23019545, 23016857  after doing this,,,, pls cmnt ""WE DONE IT"" on this post at the page TARGET = 2,00,000 cmnts  http://www.facebook.com/pages/We-Want-Justice/120683381432168
Total wrong turn by modi ji because he has cases of instigating communal riots ,attempt to murder cases proving modi ji to be the greatest liar of the century as he promised to open a fast track court supervised by supreme court so that  criminal politicians get into jail within one year...
Thank you Delhi Police. Our West Bengal Police should treat Jadavpur University students the same way
The political leaders will say that it is so bad . We will take revenge.  But they will not.  Many more army men will die.
Meanwhile Uttar Pradesh chief minister Yogi introduces Cow Ambulance :(
Who let the dogs inn, the hospital.. :) . If any chicken comes to your home would you send it back with greeting or would you cook it..
HAHAHAHAH Why is this person making the news?
Modi ji, Can you declare all Rs 500 and 1000 notes deposited  by political parties/temple trusts waqf boards to be zero value ???? This money is not the earning of political parties or trusts but donations. No person cal claim as thier own..  comnpare this with counterfeit money donated to political parties by cash ....can they clain it as legal tender? Demonetied notes are also not legal tender jusy because political parties are depositing it.  Can you answer in your nex Man Ki Baat.....
Two spokesperson will do the talking, two deputy CM to immediately take over if required, but danger lies with arrogance of spoke persons.
When Demonitisation takes place it means economic conditions are poor
It is nor a surprise. None of the Governments (Congress or BJP) ever bothered about Aam Aadmi and this was the first time that AAP brought Aam Aadmi in front on stage with full respect and both large National parties did not like this. Other parties always wanted people like Ambani and Adani in front of the stage.
Relience jio is best....but still jio network not covering all area of assam...i think jio would take quick initiative for all place of assam
Wtt protest ha who tld c there were 3500 thousnd people idiit hhahahah and oky iy rss did bandh ha for disturbng studnt while right xam if rss and bjp and supprtng india it shud nt done bandh bt thr bandh was fail no one cared abut the bus,collage ,school,shop were in there daily work bt the prblm was people afraid of RSS terrirts party thy r nt human right thy idiot who cme spoil peacrfull india
But in contrast kashmiri milltants families gloryfy their death and call those terrorists martyrs
See bhakts trolling cos they haven't got courage to reply it with logic....chetan ""bhagat""....haha
Now itself u reached from 23-35 k what will be ur price on 1+4 with water proof,hifi audio,good low light photography & 2-4k display
I cant respect peopl not respecting others:-)""-) bt respect u as my senior.. doc.. teacher.. as always..  ofcourse nt as moral or political analyst or patriot
Let him shut his ears and sleep. I live near Darga and not a single day has it annoyed me.
HIS BUDGET... IS FINISHED  AND HE IS PLANNING  OR ASKING FOR FRESH BUDGET
Only one community opposing him please understand guys and wakeup support BJP
Because you have already CHELA of bjp rss
Shaik abdul, people like you want spoon feeding, you guys don't even want to move a finger to help.  People like you are eating this country up.
Atleast we show reality what happpens..... but pak media & army keeps their people in denial mode.... 😂
I Collected All U Three Dude I Didn't pointed You Only.
The goal was to attack on black money. Change of goal digital money. Hahaha hahaha. What a speaker. Why he is avoiding parliment.
Jio made other telecom players to cut data prices ... so far they were looting us ....thanks a lot sir
Deposits of old notes in accounts of political parties exempt from income tax http://www.livemint.com/Politics/83hSnXRdZmz3K7RAfxPxVK/Deposits-of-old-notes-in-accounts-of-political-parties-exemp.html
tier 1-6 cities only -A TO C CLASS CITIES ONLY -DRILL
Jwala Prasad She is always there to rescue hindu workers in Gulf countries.
The same mistakes when Mr. Vajpayee ji was in power, they paid the price for mocking and humiliating a lady.
POLITICS ISNT FOR THE HONEST... THIS IS INCREDIBLE NEW INDIA ..WE ALL SHOULD BE ASHAMED OF #LongLiveRevolution
look who is talking? a commie!
Villagers are not much corruption at this point, transactions and spending are less than 10k per month so currency is ok for villagers
Pankaj Nandeshwar people against whom baba sahab fought whole life to bring honour for oppressed class who were being humiliated for time immemorial by these people today to get the votes of dalits they r showing themselves proponent of baba sahab
If Mr MODI is so keen on eradicating corruption and black money than why doesn't he stop cash funding to political parties and why political parties are not brought under RTI
Not have any mind he is prime minister ::;;;;;of our country feel a shame ::: good his job but he wht think of poor people :::: we are poor people working in others country """""" wht he do of us ::: nothing change our sallery bug everything change oglf good ""'' talking about past::why no talking about now and futcher
I am not aware of compulsory military training or draft expect during war. in US.
Killing them for fun is cruel but killing them for food is normal.. There's no hypocrisy. It's just logic...
How do we call it massive.SS is just three seats ahead of BJP
You are right.  This guy is trying to change Turkey into an Islamic state and unfortunately he will easily succeed because of the Muslim mentality.
State elections are nearing in gujrat.... So d preparations r on.. Gujrat model
And naxalites praises antinational  NDTV. The enemy within the nation.
Then you haven't seen the world. You limited yourself into a small stream of reviews.
This guys competing with Ducati Diavel i guess >>>? All the best BAJAJ
corrupted state so sorry for the boy  , let the dynamic CM think about the needy n the poor forget cow
At least ..some body have some gut's who have a courage to change something who never did in the history in favour of our country .. admiring personality Mr modi.
These types of maulanas are not the maulanas in itself. People who spoke venom against any of the religion will never be right.  And i am with our CM Yogi G. 🖒
I think it was an alien,  who,  acted well In. Pink.   You butthurt.  😂
Yes, we all know the cost to buy MLA.
Yaaa weed helps people in art and craft😂😂😂😂
What happened to Indian Express... Please don't stoop to such sycophancy. Doesn't suit your status.
Lakti Ningthou... Better is you to write the script of mahabaratha... And may complete the cast. You kick out fool.... You know mt vasudevan the script writer had studeid of mahabaratha for 20 Years... And i hope you would not have better experience than him... So please. Realise the controversy....
Great leader of the nation.  Who is criticizing they will
we belong to zoological park ...tarzan community ""  recommends smile for success even when you are seated in a hot seat ..400 degree celsius -just smile ...best dress you wear .
So many innocent people died in queue to get their own money who gonna take responsibility of them ,And Mr  Prime minister just showing crocodile tears in front of BJP bhakts
Nothing to do with the reality - just wants to hold on to power
If you sing vandemataram and killing innocent people will not count as a nationalism. leave the hate speech like this and try to unite all people for the strong India.
Plz I beg u plz maintain d standard if pm .. prime minister of republic of India .. z plz  🙏🏼🙏🏼🙏🏼🙏🏼🙏🏼🙏🏼
then y u r not aggree to be under RTI
I am in perfect agreement with Sonu Nigam. No nonsense now .we had enough during regime of ""votebank-loving"" parties and their appeasement techniques but no more nuisance now. Let's come out in open and raise our voices open ,loud and ,clear. Only mosques have been allowed that audio system ,and no other religion, so why not talk specific and shout collectively against it.
It's a simple logic guys, villagers or cow owners don't get benefit rearing cows until their natural death, so they had to sell to slaughter house for their benefit, or else left them outside of their own. Who is gonna take care of animals which if of no benefit, and population of cows eventually rises. Do some math guys, think also for those farmers, guys here talking with big mouth does not have those sense of hard work required to rear an animal
Some one is also talking along with Rahul Bajaj .,the person is in hurry to leave the launch
Lol, good observation Nitin and I agree with you but Azaan is actually 'given', not 'sung'.
Mohamed Pasha  Years (say before 100 years) loud speaker was not used before Azan. Why should it be used now ?
waiting for indian govt. to say kadi ninda for this act
The bike is specially hand crafted for people who work at night
Disagree all you want. Don't attack those you don't agree with. This shows your rant and intolerance.
He is right in my view.. prayers are made by heart no by loud speakers.. If honking is against law then miking should be toooo
Demonitization will b successful only wen we get rid of pollution.. Traffic.. Only wen we have good roads..transportation and infrastructure..real estate bubble shud burst...aftr payin so much tax..  A common man expects atleast this much..
Guarav K that is there internal matter Same like kashmir is internal matter to us and he didn't funded or supported Isis it is usa who has supported it and Russian president putin had many times given open statements regarding this issue.  For many muslims all around the world he is a good leader and it's up to you if you want to hate him then you have total rights to do that...  Few examples of his work...   What you should know about Turkey's President, Recap Tayyip Erdogan:  The Turkish economy between 2002 and 2012 caused a growth of 64% in real GDP and a 43% increase in GDP per capita.  Erdoğan inherited a debt of $23.5 billion to the IMF, which was reduced to $0.9 billion in 2012. He decided not to sign a new deal. Turkey's debt to the IMF was thus declared to be completely paid and he announced that the IMF could borrow from Turkey.  In 2010, five-year credit default swaps for Turkey's sovereign debt were trading at a record low of 1.17%, below those of nine EU member countries and Russia.  In 2002, the Turkish Central Bank had $26.5 billion in reserves. This amount reached $92.2 billion in 2011. During Erdoğan's leadership. Inflation fell from 32% to 9.0% in 2004.  Under Erdoğan's government, the number of airports in Turkey increased from 26 to 50.  Between 2002 and 2011, another 13500 km of expressway were built.  For the first time in Turkish history, high speed railway lines were constructed, and the country's high-speed train service began in 2009. In 8 years, 1076 km of railway were built and 5449 km of railway renewed.  Erdogan put greater investments into the healthcare system than any predecessor. As part of the reforms, the ""Green Card"" program, which provides free health benefits to the poor.  Erdoğan increased Education spending from 7.5 billion lira in 2002 to 34 billion lira in 2011, the highest share of the national budget given to one ministry and number of universities in Turkey nearly doubled, from 98 in 2002 to 186 in October 2012.  In 1996 1$=222 Lira and in 2016 1$=2.94 Lira, even after the recent turmoil. Indian fooled by Saffron gay gangsters government....
All loudspeakers shd be banned.  They r a public nuisance.  The worst is non stop blaring during durga puja etc.
Preeti Rawat are you a reserved candidate 😂
Sh.Arun Jaitely must be strict in financing Banks he should not infuse more tax payer's fund as we have already lost 1.14 lac Cr in NPA  ? instead he must give this money to 1) """"START UP"""" projects to be run by Engineers / doctors/ medical / student to be supervised by retired alumni / experts of the field.  2) He should not allow import of unnecessary material from china sticker, elect items etc. 3) stop import of Gold? when we have enough gold in India . 4) must reduce Interest rate charged to borrowers he must check Cost of Funds mechanism + 2 or 3% as management fees on Cost of funds not more than that. so it will be available @ 10 to 11%  5) Why PSU nationalized banks do not open Demat account with minimum charges? 6) he must finance Sea Water desalination plant  (UAE) to get water when there  is shortage of water ( no rain) and must be taken to drought hit areas. 7) instead of selling Old Railway compartments as scrap  they must send it  to remote areas to connect small small villages under  local  control administration. 8) make foolproof EVM machines with finger prints at the time of verification before vote and should match same time while voting.
Wtf
It's really hurting to hear such a nasty thing from you pointing an accusing finger at a particular community. ..Learn the lesson of religious tolerance  India being a secular country is hailed  by many foreign countries. ..such comments only add fuel to the fire..You should desist from commenting  in a partisan manner...
Prayer of the Muslims.. They pray early in the morning 4 o clock using loudspeakers,  to which Sonu has a problem because of noise pollution..
@Ahamad shut ur polarizing mouth n speak on triple Talaq!!! Wen u talk on other external affairs then y dont u speak ur inner sin?? Beta Jab Anna ji ko bolre ho to soncho kitna tum honest ho??
exceeding of 50% reservation seats will be banned by the SC again. dont worry my Gen. caste friends.
Why compare old days...we not choose you for crying for past....be in present
If he wants political mileage why he will do such thing soo plzz understand the intention of our pm.. don't fall for the fake development of past and welcome pure long run and real development which is the vision of our best pm
No one can beat modiji.he is in a class of its own.now one can hope for a brighter India .
Mr saravanan balakrishnan  Is it the way you tont a person with his religion?  Don't try to devide the country in religious  lines.
ha ha ha...PM face is terribly worried....no clue to what to do...how to give reasons
No other leader has the guts to get this bold... and historic decision done.. it's a very well thought strategy.. burnol moment to all the sickulars ..
Is  this  English  version  of  desabhimani
Dr. Raghu Ram Rajan was defenitely an intellectual and genius. That is the reason he became Indias RBI governor. But when it comes to performance, I think, he could not deliver what India expected of him. He took charge as RBI givernor when India was on a take off line. But the governor failed to press the accelerator . I think he was rather keeping his feet on the brake.  All genius are negatively oriented.
Come on guys. He has a point and I agree with him. I am a Muslim and if I want to, I will go to the prayers even if there is no azaan. Why should others get disturbed by it? But yes, the same rule should be followed by everyone.
People who question his degree should know that he thinks far better than lots of highly educated folks who either keeps mum or scare poor citizens.
India's response should be simple attack a rangers camp and   mutilate 4 soldiers in return LOL. If you do not have the capability to do that just go and shave somebody instead
Rahul new guru is Arvind Kejriwal, god knows which is good joker ,  why they do not apply for Pakistan PM
Don't you proof read your stuff?? Stupid NDTV.. 56 Billion? Seriously???
Shanglu's report has exposed the real face of Kejri and working of AAP.  Naturally Anna is disappointed.
I think due to last year's episode
Open retaliation is must not commando surgical strike operation . Direct attack on Pakistan is must and kill 1-2 lac soldiers of Pakistan.
Let's see who will apologise... i wish it works but it will not... I can see the poorest implementation  in the whole process...
BJP is committing the same mistake that they did in Bihar,they announced a CM face in Assam and won comfortably, I think BJP should announce a CM for UP
It looks ridiculous.
WHOSE JOB IS TO SOLVE FOLLOWIING PROBLEMS or WHOSE FAILURE ----   Approx.10000 Police Stations out of approx. 15000 Police Stations across country are in Rural Areas.   Approx. 5 Lakhs police posts are lying vacant in sanctioned strength of Approx. 22 lakhs Indian Police Force at National Level.    Only 10 vehicles/ 100 policemen at national level at National Level.   Approx. 188 Police Stations do not have vehicles at National Level.   Approx. 402 police stations do not have Telephone Lines at National Level.   Approx. 134 police stations do not have wireless stets at National Level.   Approx. 65 police stations do not have both, Telephone Lines & Wireless sets at National Level.   No Special Mission/ micro-mission in relation to Prison Department in-line with ‘Indian Police Mission’. ]  ✔ OUTCOME :: HOW WOMEN WILL EVER BE SECURED ??? IS IT ONLY STATE'S FAILURE or BOTH (CENTRAL & STATE) ARE EQUALLY GUILTY ??? WHY SELECTIVE !!!!?????✔
Senseless...
mr perveaz, great PM lal Bahadur was uneducated, nehru was foreign educated so he like mount baton more than SINDH so he gave away sindh to jinnah like he was surrendering his pocket money. patriotism is important not HARVARD
All the diesel and petrol are being mixed with kerosene ...so our vehicles Do not last..
Bsf have no money to feed their soldiers but can spend so much on tribute to say good bye to a dead body.
अब कुछ एक्शन नही लेंगे बस यह इंडिया है भाइयो यहा सब होता है जेसे कही दूसरे देश मे हो जाय तो तुरन्त एक्सन लेते है ये इंडिया है यहा सब होता है मे मोदी जी से रिकवेस्ट है किसी मा का बेटा शहीद होता है तो उसकी मा से पूछो क्या फिलिंग होती है ओर हम न्यूज़ मे देखते है तो खून खोल उठता है फिर मे तो यही कहना चाहुगा आज की रात से ही एक्सन ले नही तो आज से कोई सी पार्टी का सदस्य नही रहुगा ओन्ली nota वोट रहेगा मेरा
he makes more money in 1 hour than you make in entire year
The same guy who was beaten black and blue by Sharukh Khan in a party???
He is cheating Idian public
dont see Mayawatiji's statement with communal angle, see her statement from the angle of seeking for justice and good administration, BJP,SP ruined it badly, its time to fix it.
Planning to do a documentary film on how builders thugs a common men like you & me need advise.
Effects of demonetization will be clear in coming 6 months but the implementation was very poor
We all are finished as our money n accounts are Freezed so does the country Willy survive.
I think nda Government is more responsible for our soldiers dying at daily basis then ndtc
Aijaz Faruqi  What is the website name f169? Lol and you believe in them... I understand ur too much smart
All those who do not appreciate,  are just exposing their intent and maturity. ..
You have nothing to say about the misfortune of this lady. Is  triple Talaq linked with Modi banning alcohol or not
we cannot stop crime against women by making Laws...Why we r not asking to wine...? why v r not asking to ban porn websites...? wine is the main cause of road accident, domestic voilence,rape & many big crimes.. what is the use of porn websites...?
Rahul rahul rahul and mama boy with papa boy....
Morning aarti at daybreak is a practiced Hindu ritual in all temples just as azaan is in mosques.In every religion emphasis is laid on morning prayers to start the day by remembering God.with the growth of population both mosques and temples have to use loudspeakers to reach maximum number of people.In today's busy daily life people have to rise before daybreak to be able to get ready for office,school or for walk or exercise.for years there has been harmony and camaraderie but what has happened suddenly in the past three years that intolerance has become fashionable?
Ha ha ha she know nothing about politics and she will vote for BJP..ohhh ya now BJP is the only party in India which is certified by ISI 😜
Is that all you got to say ?
The why bandh in needed if people doesn't want to attend stupid
Ppl are not ready to be fooled ny AAP so quickly second time.
And halala too.... Hiw can u forget HALALA ....While speaking abt Triple Talaque.... Halala is d only motto of maulvi. True ?
youre the best pm go ahead ,dont stop we ''re with you tahaku sir modi nex
I think This old man is sick. He needs rest
Why have we not questioned the corruption by previous government from the time we achieved Freedom. I am a common man and salaried. I have been using my debit card and bank account for transactions...dont blame it on this man who has the guts....
Every day dear with full voice
How can congress dare like this what is law and order doing is it sleeping
check the fight scene of 56year old...  which u cant do in ur young age...  he has done this actio scenes without any dupe
can Sonia think of anybody beyond Rahul to lead the party through election?
Yogi Adityanath, BJP could have opted someone else. Its UP not VHP. The way this man has given aggressive statements, it makes him only suitable for VHP & Bajarang Dal and not for CM post that too of UP. BJP has made an arrogant move. I am a supporter of BJP but not for this move.
warren you are selling fruit jam .....we are beer lovers
Not sure whether it's a bike launch or exorcism !
Don't loose to these gundas who rules us!
strange, already taking questions without any price announcements. This whole event is a colossal clusterfuck
Now he works bjp
Eat cow meat very tasty
India is a country of billions of people... Where millions of them r ready to serve d nation.....
The last rites Should be performed.
why didn't they asked Modi ji ,on loosing in Delhi , Bihar and Punjab?
Another rice bag convert
Wat   plaease  take  action      s   ir modi
Fit for nothing
N i don't trust politicians. Even if it was a blessing I don't think I will ever be able to afford to buy a car tht costs in millions.
Dear irfan do not use such kind of language on social media just mantain your dignity.
Indians can have faith in u Virat because u r not Narendra Modi.
Hey i live in NCR...i have not seen 500 rs note😣
Gadha is more hard working than man
What manmohan did was fir generations not for himself. People with short sight will never see that. If given right I will choose him again and again. For ur kind information indias true nuclear potential will be achieved bcoz this man faught with everyone in this world formally and diplomatically to get india what it wanted and the entire world was shocked how india got the nuclear treaty signed. He waived off loans of the farmers who are the backbone of this economy not like the current pm.who waived off 7000 crores of just 63 people. There is a big gap when it comes to how an economist thinks for a nation and how a greedy politician thinks.
huge respect for your love to nation more than family.. Students of JNU & DU have learnt a lesson from this great Father. Finally terrorism has no family too.
looking at the comments i sometimes get confused is Ndtv an INDIAN channel or Pakistani😒.
The biggest disservice to the nation by Anna Ji was promoting  Kuljiwal. For his mistake he must observe one day fast at Jantarmantar and seek pardon from Delhites
He talked against bhajan and kirtans from temple and Gurudwara too. But only if media reports whole story or people try to find out on their own, will u be able to take rational decisions. Btw what's with defeated soul? His soul is defeated, are u the judge in these matters? Taken precedence over God ?
http://indianexpress.com/article/india/fatwa-issued-against-reality-singing-star-nahid-afrin-by-42-clerics-4569825/  Dear Indian Express, I feel sorry to write that your journalists are out there to misinterpret events and present them in a distorted manner just to make some sensational headlines. The news about upcoming singer Nahid Afreen has been prepared without proper research and investigation. It was very sad to see that your journalists don't even know the difference between fatwa and appeal.  A fatwa is a non-binding legal opinion issued only by a qualified jurist (Mufti) on a request by someone who is unable to understand religious guidelines whereas the leaflet that is being circulated and presented as Fatwa is just a hard copy of an appeal signed by 46 men who believe in religious practices. The merit of appeal can be discussed on many grounds and in many dimensions but first and foremost, an appeal can not be called a legal opinion (Fatwa).  We expect apology from your side for such a mistake
Ask 100 people what their jio phone number.. not even 10 guys remember.. Jio is gonna close down the day it starts billing..
An appeal is bad when it is sex appeal
His philosophy is as dead today as it was before.....
Wise men don't speak at every conversation they speak the right words at the right time and he spoke wht is true.
He is now desh bhakt & not criminal also...B,coz he join bjp.
guys prices sore.. this year so whoever supports him must realize that what ever stats he says is imaginary figures
Such a good PM. These people don't want any development in the country.
After so many years we feel now we are majority in india. Thanks to modi govt.
http://postcard.news/must-read-world-economic-forum-releases-survey-indian-media-results-shameful/ Indian media spoiling faith of people,as we know Indian media qualitatively failed....
So it's not just the US (or Trump). Even the Muslim Brotherhood is also banning the extrimist breeding countries.
Confused so called intellectuals
We need more people like Abrar.. forget about all... But when motherland comes first before anything.. thats called nationlist n patriotism..
Slogans of secularism means slogans of anti Hindu
We like your initiative step but we r not your party fans or your, we r optimistic and we r expecting atleast something good to be done for Indian people. Message for other people who hate him: Don't go by party or religion, you r all educated, you may not support him but atleast do not make negative comments, please respect his decission and thoughts towards curruption less and developed India.. Jai Hind..
Adesh man too Durga Nag Mandir Sonwar Shankaracharya Mandir Dalgate its on a hill top but the chants can be heard bythe people living on foothill. Rambagh mandir habba kadal mandir ganpatyar mandir just yo name a few in a tiny city
irrespective of any political party,,,,, whoever politicians do such nonsense , has to punish,,,,,
No banking license to Satin so far..what will be the future..
If you Lizzie want to learn sarcasm you have to learn English first
TRS downfall is inevitable, if this bill is passed. They will be digging their own grave for this act of vote bank politics. JAI HIND
MLA'S, think they have all rights to abuse anyone, shame on them
Anna ....my foot . ...
Massive win ??wat the hell ??BJP gain more that 50 seat compare to 2012 where as sena gain less than 9 seats
You should try,LaluG
Please guys... stay patience.... we will see... we waited these many years... why can't we wait for few more months
Ask your national leader to give next president post for your underworld job done to throw the congress
He is BJP agent
But the statement remains true. IITs are overrated.
Ha ha 😃 aaptards believe fekriwal can turn Delhi into London??? He has already shown his standard in 2 years....!!!! People would be better off to have same govt at state and center and then question if things don't work out... then like fekriwal no one can say cudnt work due to this person or that person... don't think Delhites want to listen to all the crap for next 5 years
You can't spend an hour with a puppy and rush off to work :x
Yogi has some criminal records and is accused of communal speeches but lets Stop judging people by their past. We will come to know about his true colours with time.
Modi Saab kuch kro yaar chup rehne se kya hoga
Only surety is that you won't be in the PM's chair in 2022
What common people are suffering??? Just accept the change ppls the change only leads the way to development
Where do u people and Pakistanis go for toilet? Hope u don't need them
Too many wwe fan boys. This genre doesnt mean 'undertaker'
what pm Modi can do if ur own AIMLB is  supporting tripple talaq...whenever modi raised this issue he was badly criticised by all opposition....so just suffer no one can help u mam
It's better that you should apply for Citizenship of your Favourite Country PAK & TALK WITH INDIA AS AN AMBASSADOR TO FULL FILL GOLDEN DREAM
sir pls look at common people they are suffering u r dream of 50 days is not enough
Who can question someone who is quite N does nothing except being a puppet.
Cow in Hinduism:  Eating Beef (Cow Mata) allowed in Hinduism. Rigveda (10/85/13) declares, “On the occasion of a girl’s marriage oxen and cows are slaughtered.”  Rigveda (6/17/1) states that “Indra used to eat the meat of cow, calf, horse and buffalo.”  Manusmriti (Chapter 5 / Verse 30) says, “It is not sinful to eat meat of eatable animals, for Brahma has created both the eaters and the eatables.” Maharishi Yagyavalkya says in Shatpath Brahmin (3/1/2/21) that, “I eat beef because it is very soft and delicious.” Apastamb Grihsutram (1/3/10) says, “The cow should be slaughtered on the arrival of a guest, on the occasion of ‘Shraddha’ of ancestors and on the occasion of a marriage.” Vashistha Dharmasutra (11/34) writes, “If a Brahmin refuses to eat the meat offered to him on the occasion of ‘Shraddha’ or worship, he goes to hell.”
Speak in favour of Hindus you are communal. Speak and support  Muslims   you are secular. This is the definition. Of secularism in India.its high time we. Redefine our constitution. Otherwise so called  secularism is going  to destroy us.
Have you ever come across a man winning a debate with a woman. Even in this debate the woman wins.
How, when useless politicians tile lndia
All indian muslims should be honest like him so that terrorist will be discouraged
It is ur dream. Your parents were also see like dreams
Am I watching the Dominar 400 launch event? Or am I at the wrong place?
Tez, You better watch out!!! Hero is on his way 😅
U still need to learn politics and its dirty drawback
Its a very good decision to demonitise 1000 & 500 ruoees notes, but why exempt the political parties when they deposit their money in bank. Why double standard with common man, isn't exempting the political parties is corrupting the original decision of demonitisation.
Don't insult lions by using them for shs they were lions when Balasaheb was alive. And Polls in different Mc are also going on and bjp is having clear majority in all those places
This is nothing but, New fodder for sickulars
Headley confirmed that she was a terrorist. Fiberals, AAPTARDs and Congressi Orangutans laughed it off. Rajendra Kumar confirmed that she was a terrorist. Fiberals, AAPTARDs and Congressi Orangutans laughed it off. Now Ex Home Secy GK Pillai confirmed that she was a terrorist. Fiberals, AAPTARDs and Congressi Orangutans can laugh it off again. But one thing is certain, Her name was Ishrat Jahan and She WAS a Terrorist! Read Shailesh Subramanian’s report: http://www.thefrustratedindian.com/…/gk-pillais-revelation…/
सर्जिकल स्ट्राइक से भी बड़ा कदम उठायेगी सेना, एक एक शहादत का बदला लिया जायेगा
Modi ji you ask to RBI how much currency distributed in all states.in which which banks and you ask to bank managers where the fraud is happening
Neetu Jethani - this is kickass!
He should be behind bars for assaukt and for refusing to deplane, just as you and I would have been if we had behaved like he did. Really mad at our system. Shiv Sena...rise to the occasion. There should be no dilemma in acting correctly
@ Kanaya & gong......beside dare to stand on this as well  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=709YisIVM2Q
Rafi Ahmed, trust you are aware that Islam doesn't respect other religion's and existence of other gods. Muslims are not secular. This is a major reason for the jihadi violence and the untold mysery the world is suffering today.
If you know anybody who is screeching about Trump's ""islamaphobia"" or ""muslim ban"", perhaps they need to know a few things.  1. Sixteen muslim countries bar Israeli citizens from entering. Do any of those people, mentioned above, screech ""Jew phobia"" or ""Jew ban""? I think not.  2. There are Israeli citizens who are muslim. Those muslim Israeli citizens are barred from entering 16 muslim countries. Do any of those people, mentioned above, screech ""islamaphobia"" or ""muslim ban"" about those countries? Do they protest outside the embassies of those countries? I think not.  Perhaps anybody you encounter who accuses Trump of ""islamaphobia"" or a ""muslim ban"" should be made aware of those facts, mentioned above. Perhaps they should also be made aware that Trump's Executive Order is a temporary order and not permanent like that of the 16 other countries which have permanent bans.  Just for the further education of those who are being led by George Hitler Soros, here is the list of those countries which bar Israeli citizens from entering:      Syria     Iran     Iraq     Yemen     Libya      Algeria     Bangladesh     Brunei     Kuwait     Lebanon     Malaysia     Oman     Pakistan     Sudan     Saudi Arabia     United Arab Emirates
Some one said bike is nice lolz he is from bajaj
Why do you comment it has no sense here...pl wait and watch this govt for 60 months...and if you don't like don't vote, it's your decision...
And it starts....So called medias biased opinions on people's verdict... Surprise us express...For a change give us un biased news and unblinkered opinions.
AK has defined the politics in India. and every one should understand the difference. Hazare is Sachin Tandulkar for BJP and RSS
Pls check how your minister s daughter's wedding are been done by so much expensive but what the government is saying to common man that they must do it in 2.5 lakhs is it good
Now u r going to portrait him a an innocent Father of a terrorist (suspected isis operative, in ur language)... go ahead..
good news, now we all can withdraw the useless 2k note which no one has change for, people used to avaid 1k notes due to change issue and now we have 2k notes introduced during a cash crunch .
I am just waiting for Indian Surgical Strike Part II directed by Rohit Shetty.
Sir, illiteracy, poverty, unemployment and insecurity are some of the key issues we need to address on war footing. Unless these issues are not dealt with we cannot hope to see light at the end of tunnel.  Even after 7 decades we are still talking of unscientific form of reservations.  How stupid of our rogue politicians ? They still continue with same malpractice.  We need reservations based on economic backwardness and proper financial assitance with incentives ( like free education, food and material support, employment  etc). When this gap is reduced, things will start falling in line. This Cannot be achieved in a day . At least we can have hope.
COA is working overtime on behalf of traitor manohar and icc.if icc is not ready to listen to bcci let ghem go to hell.And These COA fools can go to home...leave bcci alone.you have already inflicted damages to indian cricket.who will pay COA or the supreme court ....
She did not know anything about acting
In tamilnadu 76% reservation is present..whats about that??
Kick Shiv Sena & BJP OUT from kerala before they create havoc,kochi Wake Up!!!
Kamesh Sriram  Do u know how much money u have if u exchange it with the bank . The same money will be printed by RBI which it gets. U might not be able to sleep well today coz dreaming about black money will be a night mare
MRahman Syed...your cock is already half cut
Aj Singh agree with you I think pissing off is also there freedom movement 😂😂😂😂
Good speech ! Don't keep saying ""justice to poor people"" and do screwed up implementation ...plan properly    So that poor don't suffer
U hav already joined ur favourite bjp, no need to join any other party
The bhaiya belt people mp up Bihar Rajasthan certainly need a lesson from the Mizos
If you dont understand a word called sarcasm, i cant help it.
18hours a day u think of dis country.....opposite od dis opposition wastin der 18hours to find allegation on u.....u d bestest....people used ti say us bhakt.....v r proud of dat..
He is not relevant any more just trying to get back in the limelight
Callum Talbot, you are entitled to your opinion. Blessed that you are with a brain that's empiter than an hermits address book. Any Indian who condemns terrorisim should first stop terrorisim in Kashmir. It's like pot calling the kettle black. Jeez!
Riya biswas...u r talking about smthng which has no proof...dnt know who ws awarded
The fact is Indian govt can print 300 crores per day if they print in all available printing presses...
It's more like a funeral ceremony rather than a motorcycle launch event.
Shameful event in TN history...No one can rescue us. RIP TN...
The lorry carrying the bike is running a little late M telling you guys
Jai Hind👏✊ It is not only the win of India it is the win of Justice. Once again the decision goes in favour of right side. I thank all the ICJ members for taking this much needed decision. Especially Mr. Harish Salve who was exceptionally excellent at ICJ. But the work is not over we have to bring Kulbhushan Back in India. 😊🙏
sonu is right..
Dear Indian Express, I feel sorry to write that your journalists are out there to misinterpret events and present them in a distorted manner just to make some sensational headlines. The news about upcoming singer Nahid Afreen has been prepared without proper research and investigation. It was very sad to see that your journalists don't even know the difference between fatwa and appeal.  A fatwa is a non-binding legal opinion issued only by a qualified jurist (Mufti) on a request by someone who is unable to understand religious guidelines whereas the leaflet that is being circulated and presented as Fatwa is just a hard copy of an appeal signed by 46 men who believe in religious practices. The merit of appeal can be discussed on many grounds and in many dimensions but first and foremost, an appeal can not be called a legal opinion (Fatwa).  We expect apology from your side for such a mistake.
Why spit venom against a leader who has won the heart of more than a hundred million people from Uttar Pradesh (total population of UP is said to be 220 million)? Is he being targetted for his bold statements or his safron outfit? Now who is being intolerant, the so-called seculars or their bait noire, BJP? Yogi ji has duly been elected to head the UP government. If anyone feels that his elevation to the covetted post is wrong, he is free to seek judicial remedy. Yogi ji is going to work, like his idol, Narendra Bhai Modi, for the betterment of UP as a whole. Moreover, the parliamentary elections of 2019 are not far away. If he doesn't perform, his party is bound to suffer at the hustings. His detractors should wait at least till then.
Like McDowell number one SODA, bajaj releases dominar, sound track for the holiday season
Aamir Shaikh dont worry we will ensure u remain minority till 2800
Is Indian Express out of its mind ?
Thuroor, how will you rate the time of Nehru Indira and Rajeev.  Man talk logical. You are suppose to be educated and public is also not fool.
Ms Mira says it is her choice to stay at home and she will do it.Tomm if shahid decides that even he wants to stay at home and be a home maker husband and take care of Misha then how to decide who will be the bread earner???......and what to give her a celebrity status and ask her views?..what is.her achievement till date?...her only master stroke in life is to find a high earning husband.....
Wht u need kali mirch or as usual burnol
awww....you tend to peddle a lot of us media....just an fyi...they are less poor and they have the biggest tech giants in the world as well...im not even talking about manufacturing...
they are basically became screwers rather the post given as ministers..!!
only air india all problem ...where as private airliners never have problem .......work versus no work
Black market for all things exist in India   , nothing new, it's not surprising that there is one now for cash conversion. It's was expected as consequence of the decision . Nothing to be so upset about
He has nothing in hands hence all this...
wise men don't speak by their words but by their  actions....  Indian is changing for the good coz of one such wise man.
you have only seen one part of clarke
Its good sir...it should ban....
If you are a man of understanding, then only read this or you can ignore my comment. The lack of space for any political dialogue pushes people to take up gun. The likes of Yasin Malik had given up gun in 90's because they were promised a dialogue by India. Unfortunately India has a habit of breaking promises. From Nehru's Plebiscite promise to India's dialogue promise.
Are we not human don't we have feelings...  People like you have dehumanized us to the extent of not even letting us feel...
wha cnbc tv 18 moral discourse in the morning  ?----> do not disturb our romantic mood .....
Nd one other than Modi has the guts...
Sir people hu were targeted are easily getting their money changed sir , we are all with u ... pls make things more precise and applicable sir 🙏🏻💐
Now where is smritiJi will she send her bangles to minister and pm .... Oh hell useless talking about everyone in govt i think they will have party today .... And smritiJi will be item number ....
Leave Muslim , what Hindus will eat???
4g girl should give us free net now
Because these schools are owned by people having political background they will never bow down.. And the govt will keep its mouth shut regarding its fee.. Only common people suffer
Sai Ram, Dont make such comments about IITs from what u read and hear online:  Research wise IITs are excelling like anything.Many of the professors came back from USA ,just to teach and do research in India.Funding to IITs also come from our alumini who have excelled in India and abroad.Many students go abroad for higher education and most come back.IITs collaborate with leading institutes like  DRDO,TIFR,etc and immensely contribute to technical development of nation.As a taxpayee your money invested in IITs  is definitely well spend. You should be more worried about how your taxes are spent  by corrupt politicians who get elected due to lack of good education among voters.
You can switch on times now and zee news if you want to see bjp managed media
MUSLIM + AAPTARD= EXTREME AAPTARD!!!
But where it goes off certainly make difference.
What a covering 🤔🤔🤔🤔
Now u will see the reaction which have never been heard from Indian side .Pakistan has already broken in to parts now U will see Pakistan in world map understand .Pakistan have left his own soldiers in ladakh have u forgot it
What abt beef export bann ? What abt goa,north east ?
After birth Baptism to become Christian Sunta to become Muslim BUT every child is born HINDU
Marxism shows you the way out of human misery, though how you practice it depends on your own understanding. The rightist philosophies on the other hand hit a blind alley, just as religious preachers talk of very nice things while practising and endorsing the exact opposite. As regards,  Stalins and Pol Pots, their number in the rightist camp is hugely higher. But we are so used to them that we consider them natural, just as a believer in God accepts everything as will of God.
Ajam Khan and culture! Unbearable load of human society.
What is the result of dialogue Congress had during last 60 years.
I would again plead to your acumen...Go beyond what is being shown.. You are being misled.
Why pinned hope he never support kejri.
And the #akhlaq killer was draped in #tricolor
dont know about US govt but here in india , Modi n RSS Bhakts will do bhajan n kirtans of D.trump as dey found new god in him
It's all abt ur religion.. u think if BJP comes ur religion will stop getting appeased
The reason the police in India is socially isolated from the general public and it is a taboo to visit a police station is because police are not looked on as human beings...  They are either cruel robots who execute orders or they are brave superhumans who got the job done..  There is no in between for us in the society...  Why are we not allowed to be human...??? Is it because to err is human???  People talk about Human Rights what about our Human Rights???  Why can't we have a bad day at work and sulk while all the other professionals can why can't we cry when we are hurt?  Why can't we smile when we want to...??? It is because of this mentality that the country's police is being socially isolated to the extent of disattachment from society...
I pity on his illogical and baseless comment..  Framing a particular religion.., being  Muslim.. V respect all religions and expect the same from our fellow citizens of #India
But hazzare ji what u did after that???  #neutral# no social movement
Feel happy about what killing of Gandhiji, then you also like violence over non violence.
Yeah. In terms of Bombay blast, Kashmir massacre
Kagji hero and he will be zero. Why Kumar didn't fight election to know his status
We r with u SIR, let d corrupt make hue n cry, they  ve already lost d faith of people....
Manusmriti chapter 5 verses 30,31,39,40 Rigveda book 10 Hymn 28  verse 3; Rigveda  vivak sukta book 10 Hymn 85 verse 13...
Why you prestutudes give importance to a convicted thief.
Private school salary , on register 25700/- but given to cash only 8200/-
sure you can beat it with I20 .... Lmao 😂
Azam may feel  😴  tired  after election  !
Opposition does not understand that this step is political disaster but national building  ... PM has proved that he loves country more than his political future ... great going sir ... ppl will recognise your sacrifices
m also admirer of kangna acting skill..bt she is nt correct..she has problem with alll...
R u born controversial or madrasa made controversial ?
This man has killed more poor indians in his 50 days then Pakisthani killed Indian jawan in last one year in Kashmir. This demonetization show is nothing but a big strategy to influence on UP election.
For My Muslim Friends....Plz do not vote for SP....If U vote SP then UR vote will be divided between SP and BSP....So, better U vote for BSP...... Otherwise, BJP in Power......Now choice is URs.... BJP + MIM Internal alliance......
Lolz....ask Saif Ali Khan and Katrina...aka phantom.....to carry immediate surgical strikes....and take kalbhushan with them....lolzzzzzz.....
Though I dont despise this system of Aazan, I would like to ask why should this system be followed in India when most of the prominent Muslim countries are not following?
Shantam Pandey This is job of Foreign minister, Dumbo!
Now in UP begin barbathi🔪 🔥🔥🔥🔥💥 specially target to Muslim...
Den first act shld be taken on NDTV most worried channel for welfare of anti Indians nd terrorist😂😂😂
Lol... they won because of money... #uneducated_people
same nautanki before every election.
Well said Saurabh..Mr Ali as far as i know Mr Manmohan Singh is a very educated man but what he gave to this country?? A basket full of Curruption & scandals...Unlike the present PM who is hardly educated but still if you like guys like Ex PM and Congress party then bro can't help.
Harsh..you'll know
Naseer Gani... Say me one place where you hear bhajans every day with full voice...
Why we have to west time. Scrap LOC Ceasefire accord's 2014 NDA . Start surgical strike.
Ankit Prasad forget about banning us. Remember we are not afraid of such type of banns
Why India Should #ScrapIndusWatersTreaty Indus Water Treaty Is Illegal The case of the 1960 Indus waters treaty, it has been signed by then Prime Minister Jawaharlal Nehru and “nowhere it is declared that the said agreement/treaty has been signed in the name of the President of India”,  “According to the ministry of external affairs documents, nowhere disclosed agreement has been signed by the Jawaharlal Nehru for the President of India...,”   “According to the impugned agreement 80% water goes to Pakistan which is a serious injury to the fundamental right of the citizens of India coupled with further financial and natural injuries to national interest.”  If We Indians Keep Quit Today Our Future Generations Will Blame Us And Never Going To Forgive Us  India Need Be Like China Fast And Furious And Must Have Ability To Say On Face. China Claim South China Sea  China Made And Develop 7 Artificial Man Made Islands On The South China Sea So Quickly  Then Why Can't India Stop Water From Our Own States And Union Territories Of India We Need To Build More Dam On Indus River And Must Have Iccha-Shakti To Say Only One Sentence To World Bank F*ck Off  India Is Scraping Indus Waters Treaty  If China Can Do For Their Mother Land  Then Why Not India (If India Cannot Do) Then Their Is Some Serious Problem In Our Indian Government System With Our Political Partys And Also With Our Useless Politician. Who Just Know To Bark But Cannot Take Action.  http://siteresources.worldbank.org/INTSOUTHASIA/Resources/223497-1105737253588/IndusWatersTreaty1960.pdf
Sagar Chavan only I've to worry, it's my state. Excuse me Maharashtran plz
Ban pork meat..
I would have thought this Maulana would ask CM to open good new schools, a well equipped hospital with doctors and free medicines, provide safe drinking water for his locality, excellent roads, world class public toilets etc.
Kill those insurgents  n pak  army.....  But where is our  isro satellite  about which we have cried  to d world n compared  with  usa russia n china......  Oh sorry  isro  busy in broadcasting  serial  n  yogi   n defaming a democratic  cm of bengal.....  Why cant we keep a look on small nation  Pakistan..... Whose permission  is waiting  for surgical strike......   Pak  has sended tribals  in kargil war.....   U should  send  d gau rakshak n vhp  in pak....  As army follows rule n order...... Jai hind
u r a fake profile to spread hatred among us #gotohell
56 की छाती वाले को बोलो लव लेटर लिखना बंध करे उनको उन्ही की भाषा मे जवान दे  किस चिज का दवाब हे मोदी जि???
Is it possible for to take the broom and clean whole of your colony on daily basis. Talk something sensible. It's you and me who can clean ourself. We are not animals who require someone to kick us to do right things. Neither we are slaves of anyone who can treat us the way he wants
Mr . Azam Khan,  when Modiji refers to Dogs, he means the political Dogs . Otherwise Dogs are considered the most honest animal on earth. And lot of political Dogs they understand what Modiji means.
When is our PM going to Pakistan for the wedding or birthday bash?
Only one country hindu all world muslim total 57 country hai
What happened to his promise of bringing back Swiss black money back to India. All false promises. What happened with demonetization, could he unearth back money? He gave a chance for all black money holders to convert into white money. Bank were with no money which was held with black money holders. People are fooled..   It's like digging a mountain to catch a small mice.
The case is stil there its not yet finished
Indian express editors don't you have any other issues to ponder upon. Why you people are always focusing on the negative side or irrelevant issues.
Previous govt did only passing bills and giving out take loan from outside and keep adding new things
no amma nothing...only money.
"" ARTICLE 370 DISTURBING INDIAN SOVEREIGNTY AND INTEGRITY ""  Article 370 of the Indian Constitution in an article that grants special autonomous status to the state of Jammu & Kashmir. ( *** means Indian State Jammu & Kashmir ).  The Article in drafted in part xx1 of the constitution : temporary, Traditional  and special provision. ( **** means if Indian constitution or Indian Parliament not accept these provision then automatically Article 370 is no valve and not valid, and ready to delete from Indian constitution )  Dr. Br. Ambedkar Garu the principal drafted of the Indian constitution, had refused to draft Article 370.(**** Dr. Br. Ambedkar Garu said Jammu&Kashmir state is integral part of India so no need special autonomous )  Jammu & Kashmir accession to India dated 26 October 1947 since then it was Indian State. So need to delete Article 370 by Indian Constitution for better governance.  I request and say to Prime Minister of India Respected Narendra Modi please look after these Article 370 and delete immediately in our Indian Constitution and Jammu & Kashmir State people wants Business Corridor, Industrial Hub and relationship with South and North States, regarding this issues please take necessary step and co-operate.....Jai Hind  S V P YADAV Journalist +918019563514
Keep satisfying your ego by saying IITs are overated
DS palms were not sufficiently greased.
Next ur name that goes without doubt cox of ur curiosity !!!!
#isi and RSS is against of secularism and the enemy of nation
>Study >Work hard >Become an IPS >Take orders from idiots
Rohit, dude it affects them. Statements like these directly affect women in everyday life. Meera has a right to her opinion, yes. But other women also have the right to call her out on it because, guess what? It directly affects them, and not us.
At the end the bike will fall from the sky!! oh god!! this is too much
When the bomb go off, it won't make a difference between sindhoor and skull cap...
No need to take any action, just release the list of those pumps in news paper. Thats it. After few days they will start discounts on petrol.
Yes champ!! We the people of Kerala love our beef, in our plates, well done! Thank u! 🙂
Ha..ha...I don't understand the mentality of such type people...the person who is in the favour of BJP ....who is Villain...,&...the person who is against BJP ....who is hero for u......
Reservation a problem!!! I agree education is compulsory to all..but give them a separate college..and let them enter the mainstream colleges with their own abilities..not by reservation! I didn't mean to separate them from us---JUST WANTED TO BE CLEAR!!
People will realise what he says after this govt will be gone and country will cry over its misfortune to have such a stupid prime minister... As far as his qualification are concerned Modi will have to be born again to reach somewhere near him... So bhakta plz shut up..
Not possible in Sr Yadav life.
Another RSS propaganda,why should a sane woman go for help about her married to an idiot who has deserted his wife for a long period.
what is manufacturing date of the news -batch no of the news -cnbc tv 18 factory for market news -news auditing
Election commission have fudged EVM machine, Which can exchange vote in favour of, most rich and powerful political party.  I don't think, AAP or Congress can win with such kind of EVM machine
Nota good decision but still the boy from ranchi rocks
Hope this drama ends now and doesn't continue as ownership experience
Will the jio fever protect reliance for long ? Other telecos will surely catch up soon enough ?
Condoms do come in flavours. What's wrong in publicising ones products.
BJP get Ready For 2019 election... Why You Don't ban early?
So sasikala is still the queen in abdication  What a farce politics in Tamil nadu
U don't knw why, is what ur asking ppl, and trying to answer it same time, #ndtv every moment to spend listening to theses elite groups ur being manipulated from other issues, and that's politics for 'we' and for then it's business, we want India to grow in numbers not in talks, and please don't say our GDP is 7.4 please 🙏for god sake, whn it comes to numbers, I mean how and whr a common man is frm whr he was 10yrs back, it's the same right so ur s**t politics business doesn't matter to me anymore, thrs world beyond this! Think ppl! No offense with #ndtv at times I really like ur post which are factual
क्या होगा इस देश का , कब तक हमारे जवानो का ऐसी बर्बरता एवम् कायरता पूर्ण खून होता रहेगा ? कब तक हमारे नेता बयानबाजी छोड़ कोई सख्त कदम उठायेंगे ।हे ईश्वर सद्बुद्धि दे इस देश के अंधे एवम् बहरे ज़वाबदार नेताओं को ....... जयहिंद । वन्देमातरम् । जय माँ भारती । 🙏 🌷 🌹 🌸 🍀
Madam, pls protect women first. Of course that won't help you in polarising India and gathering votes 😩😩😩
Dictator ideology
Fix own teared pocket!!
You can not justify the hike to meet the fiscal deficit
LOL, cannot understand, he dsnt attend LS and if attends remains silent and keeps doing bla bla bla in rallies and speeches and then blames opposition for not creating work enviornment. U have majority and still claim to look weak, wats the matter Mr Modi
Kerala ! Dont ever vote for BJP !
We blamed Srilankans when they were fighting Tamil Militants but it's good that they have cleared them although little harshly. We need to do the same even if Communists and Congress shouta bit
Super response, well thaught. Because no other religion promotes pedophilia
Nusrat Nazir Homework for you. Find out how many of these thousands of rescued Indians were Muslims and how many of them were Hindus.. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Operation_Raahat
hahaha joke of the day
You will understand very shortly what Indian surgical strike is called.
Ohhhh.. Really... Mrs.  Shahid Kapoor ....😠..no mother wants to leave her kids... It's just d circumstances.. that made her to do so... Hats off to all d working mothers.. who help to run d family.. And toil hard to give much better future to their kids....
Atif Malik bhai sahab aap koi bhi baat karo magar pakistan ya hindostan ki baat mat karo
This Govt only need COW Protection, they don't care for Army Persons. They are working for Love Jihad, they don't care for love of Army person's families.. they are busy with Ghar wapisi and our Jawans are coming home in national flags... ""aaagaye aache din""
Bajaj is an Indian company and I believe this launch is here in India itself otherwise it won't make any sense. Now when in India why in the world should they put these songs we don't understand!
Gandhi Killer Ram (Nathu) Temple in India......  Big Shame 4 India........
Why should we hear a convict?
Airtel India s 4g speed is slower than Bsnl  s3g
You have nothing to say in connection with the misfortune of this lady? Strange.
i am not pessimist but even then it got 10 minutes late
whoa ...salute sir what a strong message you have sent  to a terrorist sympathizers .... Digvijaya Singh
He still imposed a worthless corrupt party on us. Thankfully I dint trust him during 2014 elections. And I will never trust him in my life. He was quietly sitting till now, and as he realized that it's time to prepare for 2019 elections he started coming to light. I think he would have got another worthless party paying him under table to campaign for them.
They shouldn't experiment with some solution created through their delusional minds and destroy rivers even further.
Also, a pet(the puppy) is as much part of the family as a child.
I hope this is not for army officers.Only use for   killing terrorist.
I am a big fan of him but things are getting worst day by day pls pls Mr. Modi ji pls do something
Bjp lost due to hue & cry by opposition over EVM, warna 10 ke 10 chale jate
best slavery practised is word poverty ..word created to make you lazy and underpowered
Hehe a Congressi taking abt intellect 😂😂😂haha u fking pig,u ruled us for 70yrs but not any more....btw how many seats Congress got in Delhi 😂😂😂😂😂
#isi Agent spotted
🏇🚴🏇 ρσωєяєd ʙʏ Bukhari King 🏇🚴🏇  :|] Kia keh Dia Zalim 🏡 Aaj Tak :|] 🏡 Monday 📆 1 📆 May 📆 2017  🏡 Gul Hassan 🏡 Ch Botters 🏡 Aaj Tak 🏡 :)  I Am On Fire :)  45 seconds ⏰ 🏡 Personal Bot By  Bukhari King 🏡 site: DIL-WALY.TK 🏡
Good try. But it was aired and detailed one month back
Too bad.... :(
The hidden agenda raises its head.Expected.
HA HA HA ONLY BAKHT ARE BELIVE THIS NEWS ]
is it real or tit for tat business by tmc? real truth may surface after few days. no statement has yet come from the arrested person
stop wasting your time. ...and sell ur urine products to Indian. ....by drinking ur urine product India will become strong
Who gives such information duh!!!!!
This should have been announced well in advance What about people who worked hard on weekdays and waited for Saturday to exchange their notes
A man who had vision and mission which did not suit the adversarial govt and crony capitalists Is being pushed out of system and it's becoming obvious that some retired/retiring chammy chap salivating for crumbs will be saddled on. We the people of india keep on watching crumbling edifices of highest institutions.
I m proude bcoz I m Muslim..... bjans gives rest Hindu peoples ...BT Muslim never says it's dstrbng bcoz  we respect every religion....BT some Hindu,s are Dstrbed with the sweet  voice of azad . it's really sad and speechless. Indian Muslims  communities should ne think on these comments.
Mr. Shaik .. if business doesn't run, not getting enough jobs in obtaining sector HOW IT'S GOVT JOB TO RESERVE THEM? it's due to population explosion which has done the major damage. Hope u accept who is main cause for it.
for india road roller is the best vehicle ...there by we can put road aswell we can drive the journey
Haan Anna ji.. By the way kuch aur bolney ko nahi mila.. Ki RSS ne bus yahi bolney ko bataya hai
What about those kala dhan which got from bjp people any action perky. In short only poor people suffering problems cash less those can't operate mobile what you are you expecting from them
Is it a surgical strike ....Lol That was cowardness by pak.
Some Ladies are elegant till they are quite. Most mums go to work as they have no choice.
This is absolutely right everyone has the right to choose what they want to eat or not..
MollAna wrong
Does shahid feel the same way???i mean doesn't he want to spend the full day with his daughter???omg!!he thinks misha is a puppy?? :o
tell him to shun his VIPism...only after that he ll be praiseworthy
The view is undemocratic and intolerant .
Finally paused the video . It's so nice now lol
Shahrukh Planning to quit smoking this is a news pls stop it
The worst is yet to come... In UP the law and order situation is not under police hands it's controlled by Hinduthwa goons. If things are heading this way the impact is going to be disastrous!
Obviously the data has been manipulated.....
Where did he attack kejriwal ??  Where Indian express kitne saare mai bik gaye??
Like his flop films, flop dialogue
Great ideas. Modji is a  great visionary.  Just ensure successful implementation.
What was d product to launch...music artists or bike? Music artists occupied dias for longer time technically they were launched.
With such a mentality, is she even prepared for motherhood? Grow up women. Think before u open is posh mouth
I doubt this man's credibility..
Do one more Notebandi  ,terrorism will be viped out of country.
Khyati Mehra many cases are there ,where women feel nausea due to their male colleagues . Kindly check, first
Modiji it's good idea but it makes suffering to village and common people
Who will responsible for accumulated bad assets up to 16lakh crores of PSU banks?  Modi or Rajan, no control or tight norms for loans to Industrialists by  Banking officials. Rajan opposed subsidies to dormers and favoured not to expose bank loan willful defaulters, who are taken excess loans of their company strength. He did not given any good suggestion for Bankers. He did only no rate cut, so on
Red salute to great revolutionary stand for people's rights. We will fight for your thoughts.
YES, ANNAJI, YOU  are betreyed by your owns, sharing stage with you at your agitation Period, Use your Pious symbol Topi, Taking  advantage of your famous personality
Mangalore bandh called by RSS is successful. Hardly 50 person attend his rally. Mangalore population didn't attend his rally . its clear Mangalore people does not like Kerala cm. Hindus have faith with RSS. RSS fight for Hindus interest not like CPI or congress . many CPI supporter left CPI because of cpi anti national activity and pro concern abt   muslim
I can understand that this budget is neither inspirational nor growth oriented nor encouraging for all of you - Congressmen! Happy Days are gone for you, right Mr. Sharma?
Wth ? Didn't expect this from Indian express. Losing faith in journalism day by day. How can you manipulate the news ?
Gud cameraman I thought 400 cc  but could see more than 400 cc of the photographers
What freedom madam, it's contrasting even to dictionary
Did they really think Opera style openings can be hit in India??
Ya u are bjp we know
आखिर ये जबाबी हमले कब होंगे हमारे जवान कब शहीद होंगे
Life is so harsh ....even good deeds at times gives a big loss !!
Lol go & search abt Delhi Mumbai corridor.. cpec is nothing infrt it.. 😂😂 World want to join lol 😂😂😂😂😂
Dat is, called politics it was preplaned
Has BJP MLA lisence to do any thing.There should be an independent enquiry to find the facts and the defaulter should be reprimanded.
Aby chutiya kaun bada bhai ghanta en Mco ko bhai bol raha hai , sidha bomb maro aur Sab ko khatam karo Mco ko
Y u added that things dalit . U think those ppls doesn't have knowledge.1st u guys change ur attitude than u hav 2 analyse others
Who is this anna?
Actually Anna hazaray is BJP agent,
Whoever making is noice is corrupt people because they can not do this in future.
Don't worry now we will send some Sex Toys not only for P.M. Modi's wife but also for the wives of those soldiers who killed by their own Barbarian Army to blame Pakistan. ......#SexToys
Far better than your pinarai Vijayan  who is fooling people of Kerala.
netao ko andde bade pasand hai.
Does Saudi allow to do Hindus rituals? So does India?
New year latest joke😎😎😎
That's called Modi magic. ""Results of his hard work""  👏👏👏
Liar..... he is telling he brought money from outside... share where it is
Why digvijay Ji comments, such type comments is harmful for Congress
Third rate dog
so naming modi as mass murderer against whom even supreme court found no evidence,you are trying to say that you don't believe in the court's decision....so much of the secular mentality
You are absolutely right .... data will drive development in our country
I have to to say. I had a fuckall bachelor life.
NO
One thing I want to say don't stick with that fake thing , even if it has happened I would say it was required to control the things as you can see even now also few of the muslims are still supporting pak and having fights .We as a secular country have no issues if they want to go pak and we are happy to live brotherly with other religions including muslims .
lol....this is india for u....wasting so much money in expensive films and going to mars..... oeople dying due to hunger and thirst
U nt wat u are hv shame
Silence ? Why do people always make it look as if western societies are the major victims of terrorism. These immigrants fled their countries escaping chaos brought upon them by terrorism
Requesting all Aaptard to let me know if we should start calling Kumar Vishwas as Corrupt BJP agent or is he still clean and honest AAP worker. Please let me know. I am very confused. 😂😂😂😂
Now i would love to see the 56 inch chest of Modi Zee😂
Lolz look who's talking about decency
What about 28 lac cr bank loans not paid by corporate companies.
What authority does she have to speak on feminism anyway?
Through dialogue it can't be resolved...it can be resolved only with the help of Forces.....
They are self centered , egostic , anti social & anti-national ! Communism is a failed ideology. Even worse that radical islam.
Centuries ? Means there were loudspeaker invented in 10BC according to you.  -_-
A lawyer who never won a election became FM of India with no knowledge of economics . what can you expect from him.
Why play religion so loud ???  Keep it to yourself people !!! Why block roads .. wake people up, fight or kill in the name of religion  ? We are all human beings.. we are all one !!! Why differentiate in the name of such wrong ideas like language..religion....region ?? Oo
Harvard University is not teaching fraudulent ways of creating false GDP , Modiji.only U people can do it .
They are the ones who will save India from people like you,
Proof is in the pudding!!!! He can talk all he wants, but will see what he does. As I said Proof is in the pudding. Time will tell.
Please ignore bjp.
Or the mass murders?
Well.....if this is how u prefer to be in the limelight.....then face the twitterati trolls!!
This decision by Narendra Modi is brilliant but NRIs who don't have plan to travel to India in 50 days or say till 31st of March will be in trouble.
You wear a lion dress but inside body totally pig like street pig
And media got all time in search of more lies🖕
Sad children don't realize what they value to their parents...A father today can't even shout or beat for not working ... Only god can tell what that his father is going through ...How can they  not perspect about our parents after such consequences...😞 Salute you sir..!!! ...You make us feel proud national ..And condolences
This is not place for your hateful anti-hindu opinions , spell and write truth with facts or shutdown shop. We had enough of the bullcrap from media and what they are trying to pull since 2014.
Corruprion was high in congress time but everything was undercontrol and things were going smoothly.. india had best PM like you Mr. Manmohan... you are simply best.
At least try to respect serving president. If don't get then learn from you parents
Wow. We have an apologist
Riya Biswas better to face world with your real identity. Why to hide behind a hindu name? When you belong to peacefull religion. Are you feeling ashamed of yourself or peacefull religion?
only two months needed to be terrorist?
Where is owaisi? Where is mamta begum?
BJP ko 82 Mila hai AUR shivsena ko 84,it is not massive,and more over BJP has won 8/10 municipal corporation then how is shivsena performing well.How is this newspaper posting such fake news
Does Whole India believes Allah is only the true God, That's what is said in the loudspeakers on Azaan .
Well If that reduces the global temperatures by few degrees that will be a great achievement. Hope this trillion dollar brings additional life to the planet..
Thats the irony.. Sad
Its the same with Hindu's as well. Dont take his tweet seriously. Insteas read comments of others and know not everyone is like him.
Dear Indian Express, I feel sorry to write that your journalists are out there to misinterpret events and present them in a distorted manner just to make some sensational headlines. The news about upcoming singer Nahid Afreen has been prepared without proper research and investigation. It was very sad to see that your journalists don't even know the difference between fatwa and appeal.  A fatwa is a non-binding legal opinion issued only by a qualified jurist (Mufti) on a request by someone who is unable to understand religious guidelines whereas the leaflet that is being circulated and presented as Fatwa is just a hard copy of an appeal signed by 46 men who believe in religious practices. The merit of appeal can be discussed on many grounds and in many dimensions but first and foremost, an appeal can not be called a legal opinion (Fatwa).  We expect apology from your side for such a mistake.
A secret weapon of BJP
presence of prestitutes like u in india is odious and ominous.
It's a conspiracy to sell more RailNeer bottled waters :P
will support if you have guts to take decision of taking digital political contributions...if not other atleast your party start this...
^^ then? Soldiers killed themself and mutilated themself? Asking for proof b.c
This is tooo much ..    Now its time fr axon,  instead of blaming each everybody should raiss to fight agai st those terror
He is coming To Bihar  too, that unsettles all
Stop all loudspeakers. Practise your religion inside your home.
Anna Hazare sponsored by  BJP against Congress , now ask him where his agitation / Dharana in favour of Lokpal
This is very funny if Muslims love yogiji will they be doing an Aarti in their mosques?please do not expect him to go down in his knees to prove his affection for a particular quom!He has an image of hardcore Hindu and I had always been a critic of hypocrisy this time maulanaji you are being a hypocrite.
What he spoke on last friday was not as PM of our nation, but just as a congress leader only..so immature even after 9.5 years of ruling.
Later thousands will participate in the funeral gathering.. :-(
Most looted period was 2004 to 2014. Now wo cares what Congress is saying.
None will believe you.
It is greatest among all toppers .. Toppers among toppers ..I am general category guy , I say Dalits scientific skills are equivalent to westerners. It is this science views saving India from poverty , illogical thoughts , black vs white divisions etc... IT workers cannot even missile , so we have to rely on science .
Appeasement policy by Congress govt is made people easy earning in the name of problem.so revoke Nehru s article 370 promote hard work in the place of appeasement
aggression paid off or put off ??  :P :D its the time for uddhav n shivsena for introspection !
Anna Hazare is still quiet over the MP case where BJP persons were involved with ISI / Dadri lynching / Alwar lynching since he can not speak against BJP.  But  would speak against Kejriwal.
Khushboo Jain this video reminds me of u Jaee Naik do watch this😂😂
his name is Devindra Kumar....but don't worry u should don't change ur mind...might he have changed his name to defame Hindu society... #stereotype mind set.
Oh rss is antisecular,and aimim is secular,even if it fights for election with anti Hindu agenda,hats off to cpm
this is the hate creating policy of rss launh by bjp.shame on modi and rsjnaath singh
What they are searching in the van Terrrorist had already been run away, try to find out where they are hiding..Are they hiding in the village or in the jungle.
Neel I have a question,  when Godhra Kand  happen then also how can BJP was winning the state again and again.
Any change is difficult ... n this one is a tough one ... its important that go through this process and honestly we dont have a choice but to trust our PM.. unfortunatly there is not credible opposition.. opposition is so downmarket ... so useless.. full of jokers.... no credible and weak opposition is also not good for our democracy ..... hope for the best and lets be with PM Modi....
Nd as i have been sying frm so long, he cud hve straightly complained in police station rather then tweeting that surely would have setup a better example.. Nd also i have been saying for so long that loudspeaker can be used bt in a controlled manner abiding by Indian Constitution
What nonsense!!
Every note of 500 and 1000 is been deposited in the bank then where the hell is black money gone
hi Shereen Bhan ji you should be taking interview of Mrs Hillary Clinton
Anna is hard core RSS member
He is correct
It is a Democratic country. If Yogi is so bad people of this country will get a chance very soon. Need not worry at all. Then express report.. ..total nonsense.
Hello we all appreciate tish moves.but we r small businessman how could we recover today's loss
How come snapedeal can provide you cash at fees when you yourself have to queue for ur money...strange...first of its kind in world...
Present day politics has  auctioned it's sovereignty to caate, creed, religion and ofcourse money. No political philosophy can withstand the pressure of corruption and that has been proved in many places in the modern history. Why elsewhere take examp: of China, Russia, West Bengal,and Kerla  dol you find Marxs ideology achieved the goal? Can you explain why Mnisters were caught for disproportianate assests and charges of bribes in CHINA,RUSSIA and every where under left rules.? It was. Not is.
Right in just sitting and now supporting the ruling government? Oh wait MCD elections!!!
Kajol - who cares what you ate. Its quite ok even if it was Gau Mata. Only muslims are not allowed. For others its fine.
modi g just people like us r suffering rich people have managed to again pilled up new curreny only this thing is very painful
I am getting threats at Facebook and at google+ too since 2 yrs ,I informed ndtv they refused to come.
It doesn't befits to a man who started his career by performing in Jagrata where he used to sing whole night on loudspeaker to raise questions now on Azaan which lasts just from 1 to 3 mins. Also it would not be the first time he would have heard fajr azaan is he is from delhi. He is a clever man, he know he could also be rewarded like Akshay Kumar in future if he involves in religious debates.
Very sad
Yet, another case of drunk driving.
$56 billion or $56 million How stupid are people at NDTV Even the richest person in the world don't have $56 billion in cash to buy a home
Aditi Garg such ignorance. Much wow.
What has he done for hospitals unemployment and reservations and middle class can anyone explain please?
Truth
Haha its is the Almighty God who created us, our prophets and this whole universe..not any human or object has created the same..read ur authentic books like Vedas and see what is written there..it is clearly written in Vedas that God has no image and nothing is like God..so how can we consider that Krishna who was a human being was a God??
She wouldn't even know about the ""new wave of feminism"".  :D
And if they are advertising condoms why dont they advertise it in a decent and logical way  Seeing sunny nude will promote condom ??
Ambitious Plan! Courageous Declaration! Enormous Challenge! Js 6 yrs - time flies fast!
Sir..if this bill gives benefit to farmer then pls proceed... otherwise pls stop it. Bcs man farmer are suffering a lot....do you know how farmer are suffering with out getting right value to them crop....just think it on farmer area is less ..less farmer...less crop...less benefits....less develope... everything is less for farmer....not other... just think it sir...all employees are getting monthly salary for running his daily life but not farmer  ... think.. think
Poor people and farmers are suffering big time and they are definitely not black money hoarders. Real black money hoarders are sitting  in your meeting,  listening and clapping. I visited India and went to Haryana and talked to the farmers. None of the farmers were happy about govt policies. Pls do something for farmers.
You can beat aaj tak in the trp  Keep it up
Did he just called president Hillary Clinton   :P  whoever wins, God bless America :)
His father did the right thing but the root cause of hatred is absence of humanity which should be taught at home. Jobless youth who are frustrated with life are the prime target for terror recruiters and something should be done to nip it.
Demonetisation is a good Idea but poorly implemented and people are suffering. The black money is in overseas and in the form of gold and properties. Modi is failed bringing the black money back and completely failed handling the situation and the GDP is has gone down by 1.2%. It will take 5 years for the indian economy to come back to normal state. The rupee lost 40 paise in the past one month and sensex is down. It will take minimum 6 months for the situation to come back to normal. remember we have only 4 printing press and can print only very limited amount of money per day. we cant print money overseas. people doesnt have money to spent and business are struggling. countries like america australia and uk took 10 years to move towards  digital transactions. It  will not happen in one night for god sake. for a country like india it will take 10 years mark my words. people have died standing lines and whole country is suffering. the worst Idea ever i still cant beleive he is feeling great about this. he cant even talk in the parliament about this.
An expensieve pay commission than this   was implimented in 2008  also.. Lol  Rahul Ganguly..
A person for whom bhashan means everything,hard work is a myth for him...
I respect Sonu Nigam's courage. No God prefers noise. Relation with God is very personal matter. Why to cry.
Nothing to say he have his own opinion.
Hamare rajnaath ji kadi ninda karke unse badla lenge thoda sabar to karo des wasiyo
The big myth on tax payers in India Data from a Chartered Accountants group....... Mr Jetly said during his budget speech that we are largely a tax compliant society and presented that only 3.7 crores are  filling ITRs in this poor country with 125 crore population .  The reply by CAs :   Sir,  We have 82 crore voters   - 75% are agriculturists ,61.5 crores ( You exempted them directly but, they can also buy cars , bunglows etc as you quoted.. your political counterparts are also enjoying this)   Balance.......... 20.5 crores   Less: 24% BPL class ( Below poverty line)  15 crore population ( which is non agriculturist and non BPL) ..   Less : Senior Citizens, Non working wives, unemployed youths, below taxable income earners...political class..(say 75%) ... in a typical indian family only 1 earning member and 5/6 are dependent on him....  Balance (15-11.25)=3.75 crores is the earning class ... which can file ITRs and ... they are already filling it....   .... so almost no gap as Mr Jetly is stressing unnecessarily without knowing his country🤓😝😱  if Looser Jetly wants more people's to come into tax net ...then... instead foolishly resorting to only rampant raids, surveys...notices... scrutiny ..... demonetisations etc etc terrorism ... he should defy his negative bureaucrats and .......  1. Introduce simple Income Tax on Agricultural Income on large landlords ( Say 10 Acres plus ) - you can add 26% of Agriculturists as tax payers ( Politicians are also enjoying this )  2. Instead of introducing 5000/10000 penalties on late filers of IT return ... Come out with positive approach and introduce incentives to IT return filers ( learn from Pakistan, IT assessee gets discount in purchase of Car )  3. Introduce Privilege card to  those paying taxes above certain limit.. privilege card to entitle assessee with benefits like Priority quota in railway tickets , Use of airport lounges, subsidised medical facilities, etc etc... *let Tax payers feel proud*  4. Introduce medical insurance / life insurance on basis of average ITR filled... like coverage upto twice of Gross Income in ITR filled for mediclaim and ten times risk cover in case of life insurance   5. Introduce Pension after 65 yrs of age on the basis of tax paid by tax payer during his working life..  Let honest taxpayers get certain direct benefits....   As on today, 3.3% of Indian population is filling ITRs as compared to 8% of China...adding large agriculturists to Income Tax may shoot the figure to more than 10% .... it may help you to cool your tax terrorism mindset and a tax compliant nation ...😊 *LET'S SPREAD THIS TO HONEST TAX PAYERS*
When common people suffrd bfr why didnt people raised thr voice dat tym??
People with  problem of. Diffrent religion s.  Should go on moon
Awkward day for peaceful community. .one enemy lost and another won
God knws wat d prblm is..
Adam Smith wrote a book The Wealth of Nations. Soina Gandhi should write a book How to Rob The Wealth of Nations
You of course! You are the most intelligent and best informed in all administrative matters! It's because of fools like you that naxals and stone pelters are active.
Seriously Anna Hazare should introspect before making such statements!!!
Its called #Beef_strike :D.  ban cow slaughter now Pakistani army will eat you.
Priyaka husband is involved in scam so u want her to be pm
Look at his face, looks like he saw the bike before only XD
Dear friend, I have not got opportunity to watch the movie yet due to shows running housefull but your comment seems to inspired by communalism..
Superb move......superb execution of the plan..... black money u better beware of India
Na kashmir rahega na pakistan rahega ishfaq bhosdiwaale sabr ka intehaan le raha hai tera katwa pakistan
Mshanu are u literatr? Bcos budget date was announced before election date so why election commition has announced election before budget.
Poor people are suffering a lot, don't have money to eat,  farmers are in trouble because of your terrible decision
whether u believe or not ,don't call Jesus Muslim. ,Muslim is just rewrite by muhamnd ,tats all
If he is not PM for you then nobody can
journey by sitting on other's shoulder.if bsnl stop cooperating jio will be zero
Prabhu 's Inefficiency is the reality.  Cant hide it.
Stupid people. Both pork and beef are delicious. Hahaa. No issues . More for the people who eat. Oh btw no use arguing Keralites will continue eating beef or pork or whatever the hell we want because we have that basic human right here. Modi jis  goo s have no power  here
But our siblings and nxt generation can enjoy the fruits....don't be selfish.
Great step !!! but again ruined by corrupt Some  Bankers !!!
Simply bi cot this man as a business men.  1st  he became yoga guru, then with the help of yoga preach politics, then use to sell hi product by mouth to mouth marketing, then using old days thinking ad strategies based on divide and rule politics. making medicines, FMCG goods etc and know the pants. He is not sanayasi baba he is pure business men. Cleaver business men.
They asked Yami Gautam to launch the bike - she refused - so they are now trying to get Zeenat Aman....she will come and sing -
Demonetization was a good step by BJP.. but not planned well
You are targetting a 80 yrs old former soldier of indian army who has sacrificed his whole life in spreading awareness against liquor in Maharashtra from last so many years. What are you doing.. Mr Joker ?
No true Indian is ready to listen the consolation or polish language of our political leaders. Now the time is not that to shed the tears on Martyrs. Indian government should pursue the policy like Israel . Shoot at sight should be the solution who raise venomous hood against India and Indian army
Girl pls don't get a dog 😜
R u knowing the meaning of freedom .. .??? Begger vahabiii .. . U just shaming islam ...and Kashmir...
Severance agreed to be paid when Rajiv Bansal left was Rs 17 cr but he was actually paid Rs 5 cr: Infosys Chairman
72 million are on prime ?? ha ha ha ....What a joke !! How many 4g VOLTE phones exist in India ?? Feku's disciple Reliance heading for the dustbin.
why we should get so surprised we train them the decipline the human value.make them to have a positive out look for the country &society. definitly the are going to impart this others. in America for this they have a system that every citizen had to undergo two years compulsory military training. that way the have a train down personal available to be called  at short notice
Manmohan ji sant the modi ji khambha ukhad rahe hai
th who are against modiji can leave India and go f** themselfl
This is just politics as it's been happening since long time. Someone should stop this .
Is'nt this a VIP culture..?  a picture depicts a thousand words. .!!
Anna tumhari policy sab jaan gaye hein, bas jo izzat thordi bahut ha bachaye rakhkho wo to umr ho gayee tumhari aur abhi bhi desh ki sanskriti ki wajeh se bache ho warna har jegeh joote pardte
Really, Indian Express?   Please don't be the Express of the Indians that are perverse. Please be the Express of the Indians that need a voice to strive.
Let him learn how to behave with others
You brought up hate, not me. And you'll be lucky to make it as far as I've made it. Karma will get you in time for your hatefulness.
Well done for shoting dead the isis worker..but also shot to dead Dhruv Saxena BJP IT cells worker who was arrested red handed being Pakistan's ISI Agent.
Love him. But one thing is clear, Leftists and AAPTARDS want only their representatives to speak. EVERY ONE ELSE MUST KEEP pin drop silence
ur the digest drama artist I saw in my life .. ur just a puppet.. everyone knows who's the puppet master...
They have to protect cow in Delhi. Period.
Great i kbow some people are suffering for money but people u konw about this man are carrying about u they doing for u they doing for our country
An ambassador not having an international debit card, we should slam Russia for this...  😂  And these stupid news channels.
Erm no it hasn't. There was no ban in 201, new vetting procedures were put inplace wich slowed immigration during the switch from old too new - but at no point was anyone banned. http://uk.businessinsider.com/big-differences-between-trumps-immigration-ban-obamas-2011-policy-2017-2?r=US&IR=T  I ifnd it funny how you insult others for their lack of research whilst proving you havent done any yourself. Amazing.
It is our dignity to give a chance to involve Pakistan in the development process but as usual a terrorists country doesn't believe in development
Karen Hjarne  Why,,,,does it make you feel good about the ridiculous ban that Trump enacted?
IMF vs India, where is Indan pata  : ?  Big dialog, 'No need foreign loan.'
Tamil Nadu farmer are telling they are suffering from money and other drama wasting milk on poster. Instead of this these people had given milk to need children in name of Bahu bali
He said right if a goon rioter became CM .Davod can become head of mumbia police
Unfortunately all Kashmiri talent like shah Faisal ( IAS topper) , Cricketer Parvaiz Rasool, this young girl & many other Kashmiri talented youth are projected by Indian Intelligence & Media to legalize its illegal occupation, we do appreciate her talent and strongly disagree the way she is being promoted against Kashmirs political belief, hay bakhts find a formula and use her to save you from the disgrace of demonitization as well...#Modi ji, since she worked in an Indian film, tell the world that every Kashmiris is Indian by acting skills....lol
RSS is in power and it has not done anything as u r proving it......so better people understand ur politics and the level of division u can cause in people
Modi ji could u plz get tax from business men s pockets like v service people... then i vl b with u
If his going to resign are you going to sit on his place?
Justify! Justify! Justify! You need to do a lot now
After sometime he won't be getting a cycle rickshaw.
One side you like piece of sh_t moron keep on alleging bullsh_t matter without proof on Kejriwal and other way paid media telecast it like a ""Mangalyaan"" mission....that's what is the plane of you and your jhumla party.
Please go to parliament and make it to run smoothly
Launching of an Indian bike in Indian market with Opera...They have got it wrong right from the launch...The Marketing team really needs a BIG round of applause!!!
This fellow wants Bharat Ratna from the govt and hence this utterance.
Why was a heated iron rod not shoved in the woman's two orifices then she would also bleed
Ra-Ra-Rasputin ( trumph)  Lover of the Russian queen There was a cat that really was gone Ra-Ra-Rasputin Russia's greatest love machine ---new trumph antique clock
What is criteria of massive win Indian Express? 84 VS 80?
Lol 😂😂😂😂😂 Most of the IITians fly to USA? lol.
Brahma married his own daughter Saraswati remember!
That will be sensible decision by Trump if he start negotiations with North Korea  instead of   making   threats of war. You cannot underestimate  country with nuclear weapons. This is  not Syria, Afghanistan where you can test your bombs, even there they have not achieved anything substantial except innocent killings.
Hello , during your period we Indians witnessed how your team had looted this country's natural resources & poor people hard earned money. You lost that respect. One of the worst PM ever had. Sorry...don't miss lead this nation for sack of Gandhi family loyalist..... shamefulllll
Ya  Kya  ho  rha  h  sir  modi    Ji    kha  big  h
Things to be plan well  in  advance so we middle  class  people dont suffer,by standing in Q  for nothing.
And this comment is written by the guy who stays in Kerala... Paid commenter doing his job
Thn tell them not to exchange the currency at the home ND feel the same pain as commoners are facing...
Plz tell manmohan won which election....u made him pm....but no one cried
This is what u can do .....
He is ryt always playing woman card and blaming film industry and yet she is recognise as one of d best by all and gets to act in good movies under good banner....well to me she is not in league of Vidya Balan or Tabu as per her acting portrayal which i beleive these both r much bigger actress dan her and never saw them playing the woman card all along....if KJ has power then whats her problem anyways women empowerment doesnt mean women has to bash men for no reason just to make a point...
Killer of Indian prime ministers Indira n Rajiv Gandhi weren't muslims. . Reason behind world wars weren't muslims.. Muslims didn't  killed  thousands in kalinga war ..
He too is interested to join politics.
This video filmed in 2015. Who got it out? Who picked up just one placard out of many to make a huge issue out of it? Imagine if someone took out your daughters school project and twist and make it an issue?
Very sad and tragic. Same question was asked by Ikhlaqs wife, when he was lynched by the mob in Dadri.
Either Cow or muslim can make news and should be punished otherwise its useless news.... leave this noble man
And as far as choice is concerned I think she doesn't have a choice..
Pls dig down more to get actual thing,
“Hi 🙂 My name is Gurmehar Kaur. I am from Jalandhar, India. This is my dad Capt. Mandeep Singh. He was killed in the 1999 Kargil War. I was 2 years old when he died. I have very few memories of him. I have more memories of how it feels NOT to have a father. I also remember how much I used to hate Pakistan & Pakistanis because they killed my Dad. I used to hate Muslims too because I thought all Muslims are Pakistanis. When I was 6 years old, I tried to stab a lady in a burkha. Because for some strange reason, I thought she was responsible for my father’s death. My mother held me back and made me understand that Pakistan did not kill my dad, war killed him. It took me a while to know but today I do. I have learnt to let go of my hate. It was not easy but its not difficult. If I can do it, so can you. Today, I am a soldier too, just like my dad. I fight for peace between India and Pakistan. Because if there was no war between us, my father would still be here. I am making this video because I want the Governments of both countries to stop pretending and solve the problem. If France & Germany can become friends after 2 World Wars, if Japan & USA can put their past behind and work towards progress, then why can’t we?? Majority of regular Indians and Pakistanis want peace, not war. I am questioning the calibre of leadership of both nations. We cannot dream of becoming a first world country with third world leadership. Please pull your socks up. Talk to each other and get the job done.Enough state sponsored terrorism. Enough state-sponsored spies. Enough state-sponsored hatred. Enough people have died on both sides of the border. Enough is Enough. I wish to live in a world where there are no Gurmehar Kaurs who miss their Dad. I am not alone, there are many like me. #ProfileForPeace”.
Haha this guy doesn't know he is protecting snakes.
Queen ElizabethII f@cking Indian adore her, coz they still slave of Whites
Only political person and government officer have big black money by way of cash gold property
Neta ko bhejo border me tb pta chlega jaan kya chij hoti h
Anthony... The reason I spoke abt Mercedes is coz u made a statement abt ppl standing in queues... Also we r all kids to understand as its not only BJP but all others parties. We have been fooled for years by one leadership... Let's give a fair chance to others...
First fall who gave permission for the college 🏫,  which is unfinished standing on bricks, no cement work done
RSS KI DHAMKIYON KI  SAAMNE JUKKNEVAALA NAHI COMMUNIST.
Dialogue is un ending. Dialogue should be stoped and real action to be taken.
@chinmay hebbar...  check bheemsena wikipedia..
Poor implementation.... Not gonna win the next election for sure
Hitt man not
Just go and ask those who made them sleep on roads for 70 years...
Many youngsters, irrespective of their religion, are frustrated with the system that fails them all the time from having a hope or growth, so if they find any outlet to release their energy they don't think twice. Disintegration amony communities also a leading cause for violence
What is this solidarity March? Which political party has sponsored this useless ""solidarity"" march? Is this ""solidarity march"" towards showing ""solidarity"" for third class political parties like Congress Aap, TMC, CPI, who gave absolutely no agenda to take on the govt??!
If h is genuine in his deal why he hide from parliament
who  rapd  nun  in  bngal  mulim
You can't blame religion for that..this is immature
Anna himself repenting.
give modi a chance atleast, so many chance given to congress, they did not do nothing
Dont worry Kajol. You will not be lynched. You are not a muslim.
Poison  hasare
CLEAN SWEEP  BY MODI, NO ONE LEFT TO SURVIVE EANYWHERE.
When people will stop listening to your song ?
Put him behind the bar
Our country needs to unite and help muslim .. by not doing politics on this issue.. this father has shown what  india is made of..
No CM can work against the Constitution..pl do not draw conclusions even before start ..let the CM work ..after all the people are the referee n judge...
ANDH BHAKT SPOTTED
Ever heard of Sree padmanabha temple? Ever heard of Trivandrum?
Y can't u protect all animals y only cow that's the point ....
Terrible decision by Modi - black is only 10 percent of the liquid cash. Its in other asset forms. The poor and middle class are suffering.
okay... then what about Hindus and Jews? Only because lots of Hindus and Jews voted Republican this time?!
Just by doing or attending an 'azaan' does anyone become a true Muslim....?   Prophet Muhammad had once asked his followers, ""just by saying that you believe, will you be called a muslim. No. You will be tested first.""
Watching from USA kajriwal is not a working guy he has big mouth
Did it win...really LOL
Sonia maruti is highly price stock and mahindra is cheap stock and nw a days pair trade goin on in market
See Niyaz, if the noise troubles u then it is is a fact.. u should always try and explain to the temple authorities and get it reduced. I myself have reduced the noise of a hindu temple nearby..
To quote former British Columbia (Canada) premier Ujjal Dosanjih :""PM Modi is a great campaigner but a mediocre Prime Minister"".The old English saying ""Either you run your mouth or the country"".Needless to say PM Modi has opted for the former.
I did not say wht others should speak I gave my view and i set my question who ever can answer they answer who ever cannot tht is their wish there is no hard m fast rule because whn he was thePM no one opened their mouth now tht he is not everyone questions his silence
Stay fooled, when people like you are blindly protecting and defending criminals. Desh kahan aur kaise aage bade ga?
An atheist is like a lizard who keeps changing his colours                             -anonymous
Now he will go for support of communists and their propaganda to destroy democracy
Why why why.....live n let live. Let Peace prevail.  Pls leave our food choices to us only.
Our forefathers were wise. They kept money with them only.
MILLIONS OF MUSLIMS FEEL OFFENDED BY THIS UNFORTUNATE FIT OF SONU NIGAM...DRAWING ATTENTION TO HIM OR WHAT......WHEN SO MANY BANS AND OTHER ISSUES ARE HAMMERING MINORITIES..NO DOUBT OCCULT FORCES ARE BEHIND SUCH RACIST DECLARATIONS...
I agree upto that Mayajal is finished. Rest let us see.
It wil be fun to watch , how both these parties will take support , If they would have contested together , Congrss and Ncp would have wiped out
Don't utter any bombastic words before any match. Performance only counts.
time for luxury ......relay the program in luxury time .....  is that sushma swaraj is the right candidate for president ....?   what about her fitness ...under gone kidney transplantation ....sir give some rest for sushma ji
Its her choice... She s not destroying feminism... Feminists too love to take care of kids...
As usual minorities are complaining when will they stop seeing things from preceptive of there religion.  Religion divided us and it still does.
launch curry ninda missile to make indian bravehearts safe instantly for few hours until next bravehearts become vulnerable before launch of next curry ninda missile!
It's incorrect to think that after removing red light from VIP& VVIP's vehicles the Culture of VIP mindset vanished. Please follow UP's daily reports.
So this means that all the working mothers treat their babies as puppies Future of every household is not so secure. Salute to the real women who earn as well spend quality time with their children
Haha. What do they expect from her? To work in cycle aggarbatti ad!
You don't understand common man difficulties. All rich people are getting money with commission basis. And common people are suffering
Wao!! Really!! Is it a massive win!!! 😀.. why do you love to fool the public????.. whoever has penned this article!!  ..
📢📢📢📢📢📢stop it
Sounds less like a bike launch and more like someone's strangling a cat!!!
First bring the money from the Political parties who do not pay any taxes DO YOU KNOW HOW MUCH MONEY HAS BEEN CHANGED BY THE POLITICAL PARTY FROM 8TH NOVEMBER 2016 TILL DATE PLEASE PUT IT IN THE MEDIA
ALL IN THE GAME. CLOSE UR EYES N EARS TO THIS CRYING BABY.
Doesnt matter ! Though a painful; It is far more better than ur N number of scams. It is bcoz of hon. Dr Manmohan Sigh India witnessed economic growth bt his party was the biggest looter than britishers, vanished India's wealth.
Misinterpretation. Reality is:  ""Delhi Police beat up Thugs,  goons and #Presstitutes  who attacked Police at  Rohit Vemula Mockery March""
Even if you Play  dalit card now., You may not get  any attention. You are a stale food. It has no use. Should be thrown in a dustbin.
You are given many Constitutional protections...However, reservation is not poverty alleviation scheme, it is there for only those social groups, historically who has been exploited, marginalized, rendered weaker. Muslims wanted window within OBCs, Supreme Court says, you can create subwindow within OBCs, without breaching 50% barrier, but not on the basis of religion.
What, did you have karela for lunch? It's a joke...
Joke of the day from a joker from Jokistan. Couldn't stop laughing. 😁😁😂😂
People who worship cow cannot behead   1 person...leave 100
Safety officer should be hanged he is responsibility for their death  Of company not hire a safety personal than company owner and person responsible for signing lic should be charge  This is man slaughter a crime hinderous crime  Peoples come to work not to kill
Anna is bjp man
hey reporter, plz ask him a question on behalf of me that has he forgot about Lokpal Act ?
Grow up people and understand that there is no place for poor people in India.They are discrimenated in every states of our country.Ofcourse govt announces many schemes for the poor but those schemes hardly reach them.Sad but hard fact about our great country India.
No money eaten by lallu, fodder scam
People waiting for election.Next election, bjp will see the outcome of demonstration.
If it was nonsense do u think people representing congress party would spare him.
May be for u, anyone against your zihad is a terrorist. For me killing in the name of religion is terrorism.
U r funny considering all leading economists have called it a major blunder .
It will not out of the place to mention here Kumar Vishwas have emerged as a potential stake holder of the post of convenor or president of the aap party today owing to his transparency and capabilities in comparison of Kejriwal who had measurably failed at all corner thus he could not be able to keep unity in party at all.
Nivas Lakshminarasimhan stalin defeated hitler aswell....whom our snaghis went to meet and were in owe
RIP logic 😂😂😂
No C v god
U study in india and later ok abuses indiaa in kashmir.
Shame on MP govt.
problem with people is if we dont do anything.. we blame him and now he has something big and they are diverting it comparing it with wrong things.. one thing at a time ..
Anyway you are not going to stand for hours in queues to found nothing out of your own account ... It is not well planned mission ...
A great  initiative  on behalf of common  men... but the implementation  could hve been more better...
At this moment might with anything but it can't be compares with anything substance. He is someone who is wining since 1998 here if we have ridiculous corrupted non-deserving as well as playing vote bank politics are there so considering these all we we should say one of the proved Leader became CM. Rather not getting it through family inheritance like both ##pappu akhilesh nd rahul.
Ha ha ha ha ha power thirsty Man defeated by his opponent
I didnt notice you were alive when u were the PM and under your nose your party men looted the country.. so now plz rest in peace..
Plz Dnt ask abt proof , the video is in proces at yash raaj studio 😂😂😂
Ooops.... Maybe Trump's executive order isn't quite as ""Islamophobic"" as the liberal media would have you believe? http://www.mrctv.org/blog/kuwait-has-had-muslim-ban-2011
He should retire gracefully he was fast in Marrying second time
People mad cuz Israel doing what they have every right to do....🤔
I could give many exampls....i just cant understand wen ur books says so but u guys do this.....
I am with u Modi Ji..bt plzz do smthg for poor people
If terrorists  enter what Indian army  did? They was sleeping.
Mr. Chidambaram (Congress Party) shortly hanged by Indian Government because he proved as a Anti National Element
not at all a good decision arun jaitley...you know that very well just to save your sins you are just killig people
As per a US attorney, the convict had imported male enhancement pills from China and distributed it throughout the US
Modi haters...Plz mind Ur own business and Ur tongue...Let him go ahead...Tum Jese logo ke vajase ye Desh aage nhi badhraha... Aese log hoge to how ll he go ahead with his work..Hw ll he bring the good days...Jus stop all this nonsense.... Stop commenting if u hate him...
It's bhakt culture which is always exposed when they talk
All negative comments coming from one particular section of people...we can understand your pain
If demonetisation couldn't deliver short term benefits then forget about long term benefits. Even the govt was expecting better short term benefits. If the 31% who voted for modi govt could have acted according to govt's day dream , the result would have been much better.    Short term benefits like terrorists' cash crunch doesn't have a life not more than a few months. About fake currencies we r already seeing what we were anticipating.   About the long term benefits. Any such benefits could have been achieved even without demonetisation. By giving incentives for cashless transactions and putting extra surcharges on cash transactions..
Gandhi Killer Ram (Nathu) Temple in India......  Big Shame 4 India........
Hipocrisy at its best by AK and his supporters too , Anna hazre now become budha and chutiya shame on you , friends now corruption by AK has becone fight of justice   wah
Are you reminding Indira Gandhi rule when Cong gave slogan India is Indira.
Can you provide the list of bjp promises and work status.....??  If you can't than plz..Than 1st of all complete your work  And compare both.....
again miss Venezuela or miss Philippines will win it 😕
u said some Muslims are getting involved in the same manner few Hindus are into this(if it is)..these kind of people only see their benefits... Pls don't think that they r representing all.community.. That's not true
What does she even mean by the new wave of feminism? What about single moms? And what is so wrong with just being ambitious and self sufficient? Clearly those are not on her radar because of the privileged bubble that she lives in.   And why is she always trying to force her so-called wholesome and fairytale-like relationship in everyone's face when it's evidently so fake and forced? This makes me so angry!!! Aviva Avantika
Modi ji this is to inform to you Black money keepers sending their employees for bank to change cash this is the main reason for long queue...
Keep going without worry  about votes in next general election
With due respect to all Non Veg people..,it really gives me goosebumps how to eat meat..!  No offence towards any one..& m sorry in advance..! Its my personal opinion..m a pure veg & very idea of eating Non veg makes me sick..☺
he has been trained from Kejriwal :D
And we will also take Shirish Kunders words seriously 😂😂😂😂  Indian Express you surely made Ramnath Goenka proud by considering this flop director's view seriously. Thank You.
Certainly it is directed to all religions... Curb noise pollution
Well said
Netas of every party are not under check. If public servants are humiliated in public view, law and order can never be established.
Salute.... That should be the message to all terrorists....
Because 3 of them coming from china   Lol
From when did lathi charge and water cannons become illegal . ?
You are the biggest looser anna. U joined mamta banerjee and u saw when there was no public in rally u ran away. Why dont u tell about others report of all parties?
I debate that the decision is correct but what is being done to improve implementation, why not run 50000 mobile van with ATM for Villagers. Daily money should be send via the mobile vans to the far flung areas especially villages.
bhai tell him most of d black money lies wid politicians and beaurocrats earned through scams nt wid d common peoples of india who are suffering a lot
That's our power
Yes,a link is also there between depot mutiny and Bhansali beating.
But in.pune location wipro bpo use to hire people on 3rd party payrole and in f c road location those employees are treated as hell
Muslim in India deserves reservation. It is their right. They are attacked all over India because they arent in mainstream.
Shakshi MahaRaja is much better than both.
Funny none of u homos could ans me so Again i ask do i have the right to burn qur@n, B!ble?
When ever any anti national or terrorist is caught or killed Congress party come for their defence
He is describing the bike to his wife to buy
My company files are under scrutiny for past yearsand am being digged for nonsense. Pls controle this nonsense.
Us saves south koria and  japan from northkoria  but US helps north koria to distroying south koria  and japan by provoking northkoria
how, you became cm to pm, by black or white money, declare it.?
Sonu nigam is right ! If they call azan then sing it with bare vocals
Do u know who is Mr. shangul dude u r a victim of yellow journalism jo suna wohi bolo bas . And even yellow journalism is heavy word to understand
it's a sports car or a joke......220 kmph and 6500rpm....lol i20 can beat it
Dear Indian Express, I feel sorry to write that your journalists are out there to misinterpret events and present them in a distorted manner just to make some sensational headlines. The news about upcoming singer Nahid Afreen has been prepared without proper research and investigation. It was very sad to see that your journalists don't even know the difference between fatwa and appeal.  A fatwa is a non-binding legal opinion issued only by a qualified jurist (Mufti) on a request by someone who is unable to understand religious guidelines whereas the leaflet that is being circulated and presented as Fatwa is just a hard copy of an appeal signed by 46 men who believe in religious practices. The merit of appeal can be discussed on many grounds and in many dimensions but first and foremost, an appeal can not be called a legal opinion (Fatwa).  We expect apology from your side for such a mistake.
Jabong has stopped servicing they r customers for the last 7 days....  Hope ubr able to fix this
Dear Indian Express, I feel sorry to write that your journalists are out there to misinterpret events and present them in a distorted manner just to make some sensational headlines. The news about upcoming singer Nahid Afreen has been prepared without proper research and investigation. It was very sad to see that your journalists don't even know the difference between fatwa and appeal.  A fatwa is a non-binding legal opinion issued only by a qualified jurist (Mufti) on a request by someone who is unable to understand religious guidelines whereas the leaflet that is being circulated and presented as Fatwa is just a hard copy of an appeal signed by 46 men who believe in religious practices. The merit of appeal can be discussed on many grounds and in many dimensions but first and foremost, an appeal can not be called a legal opinion (Fatwa).  We expect apology from your side for such a mistake.  http://indianexpress.com/article/india/fatwa-issued-against-reality-singing-star-nahid-afrin-by-42-clerics-4569825/
I like your comment especially the last part lol 😂
You are trying to make it more spicy against IPS officer.
This drama of India is only for the purpose that people of India believe that in real india did the surgical strike.. Belive me man after 100 years india wouldn't able to show such bravery against pakistan.
These are not ghosts...  They are the test riders ...  No more alive... 😂
Mr Sanchong, I am surprised that you are not taken aback by insensitive and gross attitude of warden...wonder if you approve of the action taken, provided published news is true.
that formula will fail.. BANG.. don't matter what religion.. as long as you not white you're good as dead for the white supremacist..
Second term...... no  support from government  = for  future Indian economy  negative .
Reservation getting is not mean it's easy to get job Nishnt Rao You need to work hard more then non reservation people.  My friend you need to study Indian Constitution so you'll understand each and every thing how you are taking everything easily in INDIA and how?? And By who ??
There is a disk failure in the array. Check that first. 😁
its time to wake up nd take a decision which create earthquack sense in the mind of pakistan
we dont have time for such issues, we are busy saving cows.
I had thought that the step of Narendra Modi shall wipe out the black money but it has wiped off white money also and that too faster than white money.
such internationalist must be grinded.
Why no rakshas for women?
This is a comedy. These guys go and pay by cash at hotels ? Is he talking about illegal Russian drug peddlers in Goa. And to see some folks upset about it 😀😀
Chatterjee, keep out of this.
The root of this Naxal problem is these misguided forces are funded by some well known politicians to embarass and weaken the ruling party and existing government!
A true muslim will always love his/her motherland. A false one will only ask Azadi.
It is shameful to support the MLA ,first he should know he was elected by people he is not s born ruler and must understand to behave in public
Nt good step,
Stop your negative rhetoric.....Its a victory nevertheless!
never
He is not getting elected again. Why is he making such promises?
This money will go to there friends and party members  sure
Good news for seculars.
Aap picks new candidate and Delhi will pick new candidate as CM 😃
Mira is justifying herself and her given situation,she can not understand the other side of the picture ie working moms.
Bro u need education
Modi ji I really respect u sir . But sir do a strong action against this piglet.
And thwse are the guys who used to have mile long queues in their country for bread and potato
He is not a puppet he is highly educated and a learned man I m nothing as compared to him. I experienced nothing wrong happening before the way it is right now. Ppl have to stand in queue with urine bag and disability to beg fr their own money at the ATM N Banks maybe tht is right according to you because u have not yet reached tht stage nor am I but I do have feelings for the old disabled the sick n the innocent. That's all my education n religion teaches me.
Callum Talbot funny how even the worst enemies of the Prophet peace be upon him didnt consider it rape nor call him a paedo.  it was the norm back then to marry young.
Whatever is the version, the Left was, is & will remain irrelevant amongst the electorates of the country.  It's an undeniable fact.
In agreement with what he said if something is disturbing me I will raise my voice against it its my right to express
That's absolutely true
he is working for poor but they were the one who were hasseled the most
NEVER BUY ANY BAJAJ AUTO PRODUCT ESPECIALLY MOTORCYCLE MODEL V-15  THEIR PRODUCTS ARE DEFECTIVE  THEY HAVE A VERY LOUSY CUSTOMERCARE MANAGEMENT WHERE COMPLAINT AGAINST ANY DEALER  GOES BACK TO THE SAME DEALER TO RESPOND  CMON BAJAJ AUTO U CAN DEFINITELY HAVE COMPANY PERSON TO TAKE UP THE MATTER WITH DEALER
hallala is a punishment to husband because he gave unnecesary talaq.thst is hifu dont have nither men norcwomen so they dovsucide or put in fire.
Guarav K they are so brainwashed, that they cannot see the truth..
Now Godse School will come up, because these people are Godse Bhakts.
Kaleem khaja get to know that it is the need ..... We have got to move towards the less cash economy...we have change we can't just keep hitting at the changing world..
One more express for Indian
Irony is after beating badly a 60 yr old man he isn't arrested by law of land.
Now u know where the drought relief money is going.
Some parents don't know how to bring up their children this is the one reason.they r spoiling their children's life without knowledge.parents anger could make their children to stay away from them.short temper parents very dangerous to their children
Madam, with all due respects, USA does a lot unlike our country
Simple.. This is India not saudi....  If ny1 has dought then take it this way.. I enter ur home nd take place then i demand for food..then demand for reservation...then demand for cast culture...then finally demand for ur home....if u r ok to welcome then let m know so tgat i can pack my bags to ur home.. ;) Dont want to hurt ny1 but thinking logical...
Tell me why the Institution that prints American currency and dictates interest rates not even a part of the American government? Why does this privately owned bank get to decide how valuable our currency will be America?
Bharat Mahendru So if anyone speak against Cow is a Muslim? 😂 My Hindu friends eat cow and don't care what she is for them. They call her animal only. Apart from that Hindus kill her, slaughter her, smuggle them to Pak and Bangladesh via Assam and Kashmir with the help of BSF soldiers, kick her on roads, force them to eat plastics and garbage, let them die on roads bla bla bla bla. Isn't enough that many Hindus don't care about her? Even those who worship her?
When u have responded, after few days everything OK, all Pakistan actors, singers, wl start coming back than all is well
I will support 100%, dear cnbs present the news in a proper way, otherwise u will see the punch power of Sanskari indians
#AuntyNational
If God change any man, no problem anyone bt if change govt. So everyone problems. What is this .....
Well at 1st it looks like dashing, deshbhakt video. Than I thought and realized what the hell he said that you or I don't know. What solution he has for all of us, in his video, And what does he mean to say on Kashmir or Pakistan. should Modi send army and start killing terrorist or attacking Pakistan for which militants will stand, Ok army will kill militants and jihadis, then what, did he said anything about so called secular, presstitutes, jaichands of nation or NGOs around the world which will defame India and world will apply trade sanctions on India. Yes India can survive with trade sanctions but what about OIL, Technology whcih is must needed to grow in 21st Centuary. Don't think this will not happen. Look at Syria's Sia leader Assad who is been targeted all around the world just because it is said that he is killing innocent Sunni. So how many sunni did he kill may be thousand but what america, europe doing with him. So what will happen when Indian armies goes to Kashmir or Pakistan and start killing all. World Powerful countries, NGOs, Jaichands, Political Parties all will criticize India and World may apply trade sanctions on India. Indian army and PM is capable of fetching POK and killing terrorist, militants from Kashmir . Our internal system has damages and holes, but govt. is working it. This whole Matter has to be solved properly by laws, making India Permanent member of UN, Entering into NSG, making Indian economy more powerful and self dependent, maintaining our culture, making politics clean. Modi is doing all this. What Kumar Vishwas is saying we all know this excluding his poems, But what he is doing in Kanhaya, Jaichands supporting Aam Aadmi Party than, indirectly may or may not be taunting Modi or trying to create aura like central govt. is doing nothing . While the fact is this government after 70 yrs is working to solve problems.
This is apparently not mainstream feminism. It may be your version of feminism.
Anna a bjp agent,  since 3 years he have no love towards country or  deshbakthi??
Pinky Patel: true, for publicity ppl r willing to go to any gutter level
Well said . At least some one opened his mouth for majority who hate but kept silent
BJP parliamentary meet is for BJP members and for them to take the message to their respective constituencies. what is the expectations here :)
Good ... Very good analysis.... Shame on you....
In these 40 days modi ji made a bull pregnant and jashodaben was stunned by his achievements in biology
In Tamilnadu, they haven't given, reservations on the basis of religion, it has a peculiar demographic distribution of castes, where, more than 76% of people belong to weaker sections of society, so it is shoved into the 9th schedule of the constitution of India.
Definitely commuter need be cautious while driving on this bridge, very first contractor suppose to provide 100 yr performance guaranty, media should publish who is contractor and Government should put permanent ban him from doing such mishaps.
I think it's not a big issue. The authorities should regulate the sound of loudspeakers whether its used for Azan or Keertan. There must be a maximum limit. It should not be too loud.
Don't understand why everyone is emphasizing so much on ""he is a dalit"".
WATCHING NEWS ON THIS ISSUES - INTOLERANCE IS CLEARLY VISIBLE.
ISIS Aatankwadi Spotted...Anti-national
http://www.bbc.com/bengali/news-39336047?ocid=socialflow_facebook  stop this nonsense University is the place of study not a place to establish islamic  religious identity !!! Be liberal or be terrorists .... By liberty we get APJ Kalam by bigotry we get only terrorist.....
If you are born RSS / BJP and your LOKPAL tool helped them to come to power, where is the  question of you joining AAP,  must be kidding ANNA 😅😅😅😅
Isnt it's her choice to work or not? She and only should decide what best for her not others
Interestingly u dint see the whole video cause u r paid to spead false propaganda
How to tell if someone's from IIT?  Wait for 5 minutes, they'll tell you xD.
Hazare like BJP and oppose Congress just his role is over
Change your name as well
What Govt of Delhi is doing? Why Delhi elected an idiot who doesn't work and only talk.
God bless everyone. I'm not a Hindu but still I can't eat beef. When will this forced religiousness end in India.
No great work you did modiji,see how many poor people suffered and died bcoz of you.
CBI chief... why not Home Minister...😜 but let him come to India first... 😂
Another one in the pack... He's just woken up.. Or does the media wake him when they are tired of the same stuff 😀
only a difference of 3 seats b/w SS and BJP....u call that massive victory??😂😂
Blowing up thousands of people just because they belong to a different religion no forceful religiousness.
I have a cousin brother who has done that. IIT B passout AIR 93. Works at Manhattan now. Thats very true. You might see some bit they are really very few.
But what about that MLA
No. SC should decide if India should talk.I think the Supreme Court is Ruling India now a days.
Religious confessions....to get some award from govt.
Waqas Ahmed what u did to mashal khan , can i eat pork in pakistan plzz tell
Ridiculous news.... Whats the problem or sensation about it???
Time to offer Modi a set of colourful bangles 😂😂😂.
The one who always turn out to be opportunist using a student as launchpad against BJP. Rather than being responsible leaders and doing sonething to resolve the issue everyone is busy in slamming each other giving rise to this stupid debate. This issue could have been resolved easlity if evrry one had played their role well. But no one wanted to miss out an opportunity to serve their political propoganda. Shame seriously.
Got it Mr. Singer ...but if you wish that your suggestion or speaking more appropriately ' a hindutva campaign against noise-pollution should be embraced then you ought to realise the trauma caused by your songs to people like me , and so in accordance to your statement you must stop singing. I know you won't hesitate to disagree because the moment you complete reading this concern you will suddenly realise ' Oh! What the f::k is he saying? I am entitled with certain Fundamental Rights. Its natural don't panic. But if you are entitled with these rights so are they to pray in the name of God for five times in a day
There is a difference between being a goon and being branded as a goon by congress and other so called secular minded  parties ..... these are all desperate statements by pro anti national elements who are shivering in their boots....will he talk in the same tenor about Owasi Brothers who are a big pain in this nation as they have not done any justice to minorities but only spend time  vomiting venom upon Hindus
uffff people r insane really.....so wat if he posted wat he thinks ?....none of anyone else's business....his thinking his mentality his post .....watever...,comeon guys everyone has a right to make complain for noise pollution ...y people r creating this a political or religious issue I really dont understant .....!!!
Not only Muslims, all religions should ban loud speakers.
Two times Oscar Tom Hanks can't play Jesus
First ask yr CM to respect his father.
Those who have so much money they are against decision.
Star cast....no work to show
Nicholas Williams Maybe his family were physically thrown out of pakistan  with nowhere to go when it was given to the muslims, life as a refugee isnt much fun
Its remote control nadu now 😀😀😀😀
Bike must be stuck in Pune traffic, while coming from  Chakan plant!!!
Should have been done long time ago, better late then never.
He is the men who prove Hindus and Muslim to fight good for nothing
Me to bolta Hu ki neta log ke bacche fouji me Bharti karawao khud ba khud faisla samne aa jay
This is incredible india for you they are busy protecting animals lol
wheres the outrage from the lefties on this then?you know you made the right decision when Muslim countries dont even want fellow Muslims allowed in!
Move is gud but pl ensure atm has sufficient cash.
Only black money holders and hoarders are having problem which is at the most is 10% of population.... rest are fine except that cash withdrawals from bank is not available as promised by goverment..... may be this little bit of inconvenience will give us and our next generation a better future
First he should try to hang the rapists instead....
Emotional blackmail no substantial evidence. What India loosing now never lost. U silent on BjP leader's hoarding black money
no, In past years if they thought of nation our country could have achieved much better status.they are like indian team they think of their own benifit.
Can anyone ask him will he tell wht Our PM Narendra Modi needs to speak....
Rohit Ji pl.use good words n day sorry to Mr Azad
this is the reason google is sending this event notification mails directly to spam :-D
Hahahaha. Nice story
Dominar launch made me 😪 , thanks for the lullaby 😝
Scrap
No one understood y she ws yelling.. So. They clapped
Your are a celebrity and you should know what will happen after posting these type of video. I know this is a cheap publicity stunt to be u in lime lite. But i tell u this is not good because all these nonence divide our society and gives a bad impact
In other words, Indian Army is saying Pakistani soldiers went across the LoC into Indian side, Mutilated the bodies of two Indian soldiers and came back while no one on the Indian side dared them engage.  P.S: ISPR has rejected the fabricated claim by Indian Army.
Sir plz don't check up sarkar this is funy words
And what makes her think that it's ok to spend just an hour with a puppy? Obviously she's never lived with a pet
Applicable for only ICICI AXIS & HDFC  Please notify this as well...just because of hits on your site spreading false news..
ATM withdrawal limit could have been fixed at Rs.5000/= per day and exchange limit could have been fixed at Rs.10,000/=. This would have  helped the people in urban areas to manage the transition more smoothly and with lesser pain.
Martyred.....not killed
U can hate Indian government for ur personal reason, but they are trying to make a change and are successful to some extend . Appreciate it . Don't be an idiot
Let all the antinationalists come together...we will celebrate feast when they lose
Can we focus on other vital issues? Or is cow protection going to lead to 'VIKAS'
dominer is doing poo ... may be thats y .. they are delaying
This is the India. And. Achhe din
Spell mistake guys....it's not a bajaj auto...it's a bajaj audio...
Ashis Kumar your modi invite us to come we don't bag from poor countries... turkey economy 100 times higher then India.... India still under DEBT of IMF ... 😂😂😂😂😂
And what about corrupt politicians?? Imagine what would be happening in coming elections!!
Remove caste based reservation introduce economy based reservation automatically corruption I'll come down
Who  will do the forensic audit of the bank auditors !
Every indian has freedom of expression...
Great nitesh ji plz join bjp u r good person every person no
Truly agree.. I believe working lady can up bring a better independent child. To look after your child you don't really carry them on your lap for the whole day long. It's should be individual choice rather than pulling down and disrespect other's choice.
Good that this plan has been taken into consideration, but why not proper planning ?
Nepotism is there in every field. Stop playing the victim card. And more so in a creative field like this, one can only get a push at the beginning, rest it depends upon the talent. So, in a way nepotism is less as compared to other professions.
Modiji ab to kuch karo is pak doges ko jabab do in
Sonia ma'am is much more busy in her mobile than the stocks or live telecast :p
Your words is a huge admission that you were, are & will remain irrelevant in this country.  This country no longer supports your version of secularism.
REPlaCE kapil with Arvind and the whole scenario changes abuse to praise
Tell something which can b done in next 2.5 years
Mr sonu nigam  People who are beaten up and murdered in the name of animal so called god cow burtually harrased on roads tell about this it is more than your sleep when this force religiousness ends in india   #overrated_shitt
its just a reason of taking the name of cleaning of black money most of the people don't know the actual fact. Duplicate notes has been released in India of rupees 80lks of 500 and 1000 which was not in hands of gov or PM. Then there its self they declared as all that stuff. Any one asked about the reason behind the releasing of 2000 rupees note. I like only point also included black money need to take it out. There are a lot of question people need to asked. He is also the same like the other. I don'T trust him now. Is a fallalaa speech, Listen to the people voice who there are suffering now. we don't need yours speech. People are lost there life.
Let me see....How many MUSLIM men stand up for this Poor Lady ??
Nothing can be heard.
And then remove the black gown in one swift action, and the music changes to ooh la la ooh la la.. 😂😂
All this for that one scene in fantastic beasts... Lucky man😊👍
Btw i m very much in india. I faced so many questions to deposit my own money in the bank. Atms r all cashless n dry. Banks r giving only 2000 notes. How do v manage to buy vegetables n bread. U go to a dr n see if u need hospitalisation how much money u need. I m aware of everything tho not living in india permanently
Can someone tell me whn the take the bike out . So I can remove my pause
what are you saying  bro Muhammad.. I really don't understand
so 9 days (navratre) > 365 days?
DIRECTOR , MR. KHAN ................WHAT DO YOU WANT TO PROVE NOW ? ...............WHETHER ""  BAJRANGI BHAIJAAN ""  WAS A  FLOP  MOVIE OR  THE STORY  OF THAT MOVIE WAS NOT WRITTEN IN THE LINE THAT  APPEASE THE MINORITY COMMUNITY OF INDIA  ? ................... NOW .YOU WANT TO HURT "" HINDU SENTIMENTS "" BY PROMOTING YOUR NEW FILM , WHICH IS BASED ON "" CHINESE PRODUCTS "" ................IS NOT NOT A SIGN OF ""  INTOLERANCE TOWARDS THE MAJORITY COMMUNITY OF INDIA "" ?  ..................DO YOU WANT TO SEE THE FATE OF YOUR NEW MOVIE LIKE "" FAN & ETC. "" ? .................IF NOT , USE YOUR MIND BEFORE YOU  GIVE ANY COMMENT IN FUTURE .............................
Our Indian Führer is also Obsessed with his Religious Ideology. Ours is Miles ahead in Religious Bigotry and Kills Humans because of his Hate.
What will happen to breweries stock like UBL because of Supreme Court ban???
So he joined bjp internally.
no legal binding on Pakistan to accept icj decision,  he is a spy, and will b hanged, anyhow indians should b proud of him, he is villan in Pakistan,  but i don't know y indians not accepting him hero
Agreed and appreciate ur step but the most poor execution
Shubham Srivastava Yatish Kaushik  Praveen Singh The hell are you guys?  And what are you guys doing out there? Have a look at this video.
Why? They are selected not on their merits but loyalty to ideology and ability to support first family and their alleys.
Why isnt Anna asking BJP to implement Lok pal bill ? Why isnt he doing any fast to force Bjp to get back black money from swiss banks ? Anna did all the drama to remove congress but not to change the system.
Zaira dear sister just I wane tell you one thing maintain kashmeri culture and kashmeriyat ??
Mr seghwag, you have lost fan following  in  anti nationals now dont loose bhakts, nationalists as well😀😀😀😀😀😀😀😀😀😀
joy  bjp joy
First go and check the spelling of (Mohatama Gandi) 😂😂😂😂
He sud replace #Brabie Doll  by Himself !!! :p
Those who are opposing are surely black money holders..F** out of our country
They are wise than north states? What is the barometer? Is Kerala the economic engine of India?
Fake news.
Anna - a total failure
DMC results , a referendum against Kejriwal.He is expected to honour people verdict and step down .
Request Mr Pawan Khera to wait for his turn and he should not politicise such a serious matter just for scoring numbers. For a long time his party was in power.
They use Internet Explorer to gather their quota of news 😂😂😂
First of all India will declare the trarist country to Pakistan n shut off all diplomatic relationship
What will happen to breweries stock like UBL because of Supreme Court ban???
He mentioned the only community who do so..
News is fine, but whatever has happened to your proof-reading competency, Indian Express? The grammar and English are simply horrible!
What is indian govt going to do with the hate and communal ppl around.
50 days is over modi sir do something for money problem
wow! absolutely perfect. my only concern-in some offices that are mostly male- there won't be any shaming. they will be entirely shameless.
If #Congress Wins its bcos of money,  If #BJP wins ist bcos of Tampered EVM.  Basically, #Congress doesn't trust technology, whereas #BJP doesn't trust our own people!
Vipul Chauhan my friend if you don't know about Donald Trump it's not your mistake bcz paid Indian media is showing only they want.  But let me tell you He didn't killed people in the name of religion. And he is only doing what he said before election. He is not diverting people's mind in name of Gaoraksha and ram mandir.
A good article n very apt... Mr Karan Johar's late reaction to that article does indicate that, at that time he was taken aback..... Secondly, he didn't do any favour on anybody by "" allowing "" to air that particular show....because by editing any portion...the episode  would have been a total flop......aka Kapil Sharma episode.... And yes as Kangana rightly said you do put words into your guest's mouth...... You have reduced Koffee With Karan to a ridiculously flippant show.
Rahim Rahim Hehe but i can't have my sleep??? 😂😂 #azan
What has your Indian Govt done to stop fascism in India ?
stopped watching the video long time back ... just enjoying the comments here now :D .. the worst launch ever for any product
Dividing India by false propaganda must become a jailable nonbailable  offense so that people are more careful about what they write or say!
Dear Indian Express, I feel sorry to write that your journalists are out there to misinterpret events and present them in a distorted manner just to make some sensational headlines. The news about upcoming singer Nahid Afreen has been prepared without proper research and investigation. It was very sad to see that your journalists don't even know the difference between fatwa and appeal.  A fatwa is a non-binding legal opinion issued only by a qualified jurist (Mufti) on a request by someone who is unable to understand religious guidelines whereas the leaflet that is being circulated and presented as Fatwa is just a hard copy of an appeal signed by 46 men who believe in religious practices. The merit of appeal can be discussed on many grounds and in many dimensions but first and foremost, an appeal can not be called a legal opinion (Fatwa).  We expect apology from your side for such a mistake.
Terrorists?  Will escape jail?  Deal will be sealed?
Why are you so annoyed? I don't object your opinion. You are free to have. Having an opinion is not equal to judging......😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂
If so is the case kapil Mishra should also be held liable for such hawala kand ...cause he was the part of the government  and he knew all these scams prior to his sacking... Shouldn't he liable for the scams???
All from all around the world
This news will be valueless..  (He could mentioned in Our dream..)😏
Are we supposed to rejoice? Such BS
Why India Should #ScrapIndusWatersTreaty Indus Water Treaty Is Illegal The case of the 1960 Indus waters treaty, it has been signed by then Prime Minister Jawaharlal Nehru and “nowhere it is declared that the said agreement/treaty has been signed in the name of the President of India”,  “According to the ministry of external affairs documents, nowhere disclosed agreement has been signed by the Jawaharlal Nehru for the President of India...,”   “According to the impugned agreement 80% water goes to Pakistan which is a serious injury to the fundamental right of the citizens of India coupled with further financial and natural injuries to national interest.”  If We Indians Keep Quit Today Our Future Generations Will Blame Us And Never Going To Forgive Us  India Need Be Like China Fast And Furious And Must Have Ability To Say On Face. China Claim South China Sea  China Made And Develop 7 Artificial Man Made Islands On The South China Sea So Quickly  Then Why Can't India Stop Water From Our Own States And Union Territories Of India We Need To Build More Dam On Indus River And Must Have Iccha-Shakti To Say Only One Sentence To World Bank F*ck Off  India Is Scraping Indus Waters Treaty  If China Can Do For Their Mother Land  Then Why Not India (If India Cannot Do) Then Their Is Some Serious Problem In Our Indian Government System With Our Political Partys And Also With Our Useless Politician. Who Just Know To Bark But Cannot Take Action.  http://siteresources.worldbank.org/INTSOUTHASIA/Resources/223497-1105737253588/IndusWatersTreaty1960.pdf
And people are like wow !!
how come MR.DIGVIJAY SINGH comes to know everything even b4 the CID OR POLICE. Is he ANTARYAMEE
कितने कायर है पाकिस्तानी मरे हुए लोगो की लाश पर अपनी ताकत  नामर्दगी  dhika  कर
How about govt helping farmers affected by the severe drought? Has the PM even met them agitations about their plight for the past one month in Delhi? He's short term easy solution obliterates the bigger problems  facing country
Showing everything and saying bold...
Such a movie mad nation.  Following this page to her news updates but for the last 2 days it was bahubaali this bahubaali that.. Craazzaayy
Well said
Carefull every one  !   Anna Hazare re-birthed. What is he up to? Sure, it is not to eradicate Indian National Congress.  Could be, he is aiming to get rid of Kejriwal and AAP.
I m sure,  Modi hasn't assessed this loss and Impact on economy.
Two aspects of....first a good humane initiative..........second...a deadly omen....where we are heading....when we can't breathe freely....do we need to purchase machine to breathe and survive...since such installation is not cure for ever growing problem.. but a warning sign to all of us
They will come out with a bicycle and undertaker will be riding it!
If you claim to be an English News Channel ...you need to have panelists who can debate in English language.
rising from the dead dominar after speculation of three years
Don't worry, indian army too won't mutilate pakistan soldiers bodies.......third party would do this...
No LKA in the front row or did he not attend?
Sonia's stooges were replaced by Modi you don't remember Fergus Misquitta
Haha! Which part of Kashmir bhai?
Watching feom dubai..BJP van lead 1.25 billion then we can rule d world
Enough is enough, now time has come to take the real action. Nowadays technology is so advance can be utilized, their movements can be monitored by drons and subsequently may be executed by the same technology.
If this would done by Muslim prisoners the Indian police would have killed them in fake encounter and branded them as terrorists
One more down the drain!
The architect of modern India (1991 reforms), has come out with smart and simple definition of this money mismanagement game !!
Mr Raja China has no democracy.No freedom of expression.There only one party rules.It supports one China policy and All dissent is met by death.I guess  you want such a model.That's why there is so much of political  killing in Left ruled states of India.
Bro, 10 lakh kashmiri pandits were made refugees overnight in their own homeland,
Beef band in Maharashtra  Isn't  it?? Any beef or only cow ????🤔
She got chance to explain ....Buffalo Trader with receipt get lynched.......welcome to modified india....
Om Prakash Hindu yes absolutely the point you said, there were and are lots of other media agencies other than indian express but why didn't they covered the news? Were they were bribed? Or they were Anti-Hindu? Or just was nothing genuine on that issue? You tell me.
Is he worth being, A Clerk even
We are happy that you lost at ICJ. A country where judiciary is scared, any thing can happen.   Army courts in a democratic country? Is it not strange?
If we are able to stand away from political parties and view him as a parliamentarian , other MPs must emulate him in various aspects. We need not be a communist to appreciate him as a parliamentarian. Problem now is we just jump in with saber in hand to finish one personality just cos he belongs to a party. Many parties have good MPs like him , but out of party affiliation to one party or other we just spew venom on others. Better debates by MPs decide  the future of good democracy.
Like old undertaker entrance.. He'll come riding the bike 😂😂
Oh god why can't people do whatever is convenient for them without dragging some -ism into it
Ohhh chill man dnt go fr watch dis mv n distribute milk to poor of movie ticket price😂😂😂😂😂😂 Ya it's wasting of milk u rut but we can also lv without watching mv but no one can lv without,start act tdy then u cn complaint abt other
He even not deserve to board in train & not even to bailgadi
He (Kejriwal) has dashed all my hopes. =D =D
Bhakt itself got the tag of ISI agent , so I don't think they are in a position to call others anti National...
Modi Ji taking off against corruption, we are always with you Sir!!!
The top bosses in CRPF,have little or no experience in fighting either maoists or terrorists.The Men become cannon fodder while the IPS lot,sip their whiskeys ! They wont let Army in !
Insa allah.. Now that pigs body will eaten up by microbial world, ants and other insects in the form of 72 hurs hurrrray.
As expected from you...An unconventional exit.... Nothing can replace you
Pleaze take good decision because of ur deciaion are create problems only to poor people and agriculturist
Bihar exit poll over, now UP exit poll.  All the best BJP
Wake up India.   That's not immoral.   That's proactive information to you all.    It's important to be responsible.  Instead of throwing babies like unwanted objects.   Better to use protection.    Way to go Sunny. ??
No offence please , Drs and ambulance are for mother cow ,, go to pakistan if have any objection regarding this. Plzzz no offence
Cheap!
All on a sudden, USA , Turaska are showing interest to mediate Kashmir issue and India negating , so, slowly world politics are getting concern about Kashmir, while Pakistan is welcoming the move , India sticks to bilateral resolve of the issue . Attacks on Uri  and Pathankot are the biggest failure of India, which is really a great concern and observed that after those two incidents have made other country very much enthusiastic over Kashmir issue. Naturally from strategic point of view India has to reassess the internal security aspect before entering to all out conflict . It is also observed, that ex generals have concede the intelligence failure in respect of Uri and Pathankot incidents . It is also to be asserted that , how far this type of failure is rooted?  This is very much embarrassing situation.
He should bring back money from Swiss rather then demonetisation many people in bjp are corrupted too. He is not disclosing their names
Maybe they wanna showcase dominar as the DEVIL these guys are scared off
Sane ppl couldn't do anything so far ....at least he has the objectives and know what's to be done so that our country  leads towards a bright and  better future...
The Delhi Police had issued a notice to the students and asked them to appear before it for a lie-detector test.
It is better to you to reveal your RSS double face in public.
Finally that day have arrived when humans need machines to purify air to breathe in ..  And not trees..
I just checked nothing working as mentioned in the website
But need to stop the new account opening & any transaction s in any bank.
Wow so refreshing and informative . It was fun. Both of you are Awesome 👌👌👍👍 keep fighting & keep anchoring .
Right! And parties like CPM, Congress, SP, who go out and blatantly ask for votes from a particular community promising goodies in return are obviously promoting communal harmony. Well done. You've cleared this level. Achievement unlocked: d1ckheadedness
Some people have habit demoralise Indian army.It does not make any difference.Powers had not been delgated to indian army. Now Government has given the free hand to army. Now see the result.By the grace of god Indian army has never lost the war with Pakistan.It has always won war.
Are bhajans played daily.??  5 times a day..?? 🤔
Paid media
Vary causes to kill fellow humanbeings, sometimes it comes as cow, sometimes religion, sometimes caste or skin colour and political difference. Incredible India.
No one will even allow him to enter UN building.
People voted you out for failing to deliver. Not the EVMs.
Sarkar ko jb action lena h to wo chupchap ku h its wrong baate bs kawalo in se
This Govt should be thrown out immediately for playing with the lives of this great country ...
Neel please provide proper legal proof that is in line of your argument. Otherwise you may land up in jail for commenting on pm with false allegations. Are you ready?
Why produce so many children in the first place when you can't afford to raise them?
Every time  Mr Modi shows his 56 Inches Chest, you people go into a huddle to form the so called ""Mahagathbandhans"" but so far the success had eluded you. Do you know the reason for that?
The cwg, 2g, rafale deal, railways nepotism was an organized social security program for congreshis 😂
He he he he Just Ask CM, How much she waste in breakfast only??
Hazare could try to remember something about Lokpal. He is always trying to go about Kejriwal instead. Of course gaining some leverage with BJP each time
Dear Indian Express, I feel sorry to write that your journalists are out there to misinterpret events and present them in a distorted manner just to make some sensational headlines. The news about upcoming singer Nahid Afreen has been prepared without proper research and investigation. It was very sad to see that your journalists don't even know the difference between fatwa and appeal.  A fatwa is a non-binding legal opinion issued only by a qualified jurist (Mufti) on a request by someone who is unable to understand religious guidelines whereas the leaflet that is being circulated and presented as Fatwa is just a hard copy of an appeal signed by 46 men who believe in religious practices. The merit of appeal can be discussed on many grounds and in many dimensions but first and foremost, an appeal can not be called a legal opinion (Fatwa).  We expect apology from your side for such a mistake.
""Even Theresa May felt compelled to say, despite Brexit, that it was in the interest of the US to have a strong Europe as a partner.""
Good decision..from long tym  he is struggling and not performing
Modi aur rajnath ab phir se sirf ninda krenge aur kujh nhi kar skte aur na hi krte h
What's wrong with Indian express it's not massive win.. shiv sena is 84 as compared to last times 75... BJP is 81 as compared to 32 last time..
He is right
stop midnight parties early to bed and early to getup  then azaan or temple bell early m.ning will not iritate you maka ladilla
Is u have any pain on Lokpal or Modi Govt. to weaken RTI Mr.Anna  . You  lost your credibility I thought during your movement that u r statesman but today I think u r a typical modern time Leader. I Also feel ashamed on Me that one day I was also a part of your movement becoz earlier people or I can say Congress was much much better then these rulling Govt.
Well to think and to do. It's only four our growth
Bashing any religion does not make anyone secular but respecting religion does !
Bigoted religious fanatics at least save d lyf of 1 animal which is far better dan ill-literates
Completely ignoring old users who helped op to establish them
Exit polls can make modi win elections on moon, mars and US as well.#wellpaidmedia
Tiwari ji these words does not suits you. You are intellectual and know better than me which word we should use for our primeminister.
😍 SuPerB❤✌
So BAT men killed 'em
People who have black money, they will hate him. People who doesn't have black money, they will love PM Modi Ji. 🎩 🎩 🎩
2 mins silence for dose who r in front of them
Do surgical attack on them first than think about Pakistan..... this bastards need to clean first.... just shoot them immediately neither it will too late... P.M. should take action against naksali and so-called pattharbaj in kashmir...😠😠😠
No brother everyone is not like that. It is the media only who divide but i think that it is the right time for equality.
Don't argument with stupid person .they will drag u with their level .aftt all u are pride of India.
But stock is limited...
Send these muslims to Pakistan who r cursing our PM
for Indians and Internation community, India is under tremendous pressure and even Turkish President asks India to stop terrorism and start dialogue with Pakistan..thus Modi govt. had to use these tactics to blame Pakistan....
Mira should be grateful that she has a choice....many mothers would love to spend more time with their kids but have to work....research has proved that children of working mothers are independent and have higher EQ....
Before demonetization, how many BJP Leaders informed in advance by Mr. PM?
Time is over..!!
Even Pawar voted for BJP .. Shiv Sena leave the assembly he's ready to support BJP otherwise what SULE n AJIT will do without power whatsoever little .
Lack of understanding about religion.
We love and respect all the Gods  of all communities But according to me Everybody has a right to live peacefully in his house If personal peace of a person get affected by sound pollution he has every right to express his feelings What is wrong in that If the sounds will be reduced and restricted to that particular area  There will be no harm in doing that  Sonu has used his freedom of speech and expression
u should also fewl pain when ur so Called​ soliders kills innocent people in kashmir
we also love ANNA u never join AAP, u dont know meaning of AAP it is clear that we the people, we never trust leaders in our party. even one day we are able through our so called leaders AK and manish. we never trust even them. we the people aam admi. power lies with us. never make drama to kill our intention. whenever election is there u come in front and start blaming AAP. i warn u and i try to educate u i know ur from RSS background just keep away from our intention.
As long we have people like him in India nothing will change. 😂😂😂.
Where is the secularists?
The punishment for all sins should be like in dubs and america then the crimes will stop in my INDIA
These spokespersons take all obligations from their respective parties. They will come out with all sort of talks to defend it. It'll not lead us anywhere. Report report report it so many times that these acts are not forgotten. Lives of our jawans are not that important to these political puppets..
And you have a problem with that? When BJP has assigned all of the 7 Delhi MPs and Modi has asked his Cabinet ministers to campaign and Amit Shah is himself looking after a simple 'MCD"" elections, then probably you should understand the gravity of these MCD elections. But sorry, you may have taken monies to keep your mouth shut against BJP and projecting, irrelevantly,  AAP in a bad light. :D
Why not stop printing brand name by law, why onus on doctors?
Great!! AAPtards are abusing the man who gave that dumbshit Arvind Kejriwal and identity!!! Seriously, Anna Hazare will be feeling pity on himself :( :( :( :(
If he is not a a brainless person he should demand ban on loudspeakers at all. Then, whether it is for a leader, preacher, a singer or religious place.
I disagree with his selective approach.... Where is Lokpal sir.. modiji fulfilled ur dream
All terrorist are muslim but all muslim are not terrorist
Reservation and terrorism are the biggest problems India is facing right now.
Anna ji...! all set for MCD .
When cat close its eyes, the cat think the world is dark.First Modi need to ban all religious fundamental groups irrespective of any religion.
Ok...thats it! Im not listening to his songs again
Good work......just give government employee salary package as in private sector.....
Anna was anti congress he played a big role in 2014 elections indirectly...now he don't have any problem with the govt. Even if they don't pass ""jan lokpal""  bill...now his only work is to comment againt other parties just right before the elections😆
Only allegations, just media coverage and just to distract public opinion from modi's policies failure
Not only black money will get affected  Rupee gets better when it starts rotating in the economy  Hawala business stopped now And like this so many
How can you say that bro? It is the duty of the citizens and the government to care for the minority. Have you heard if the islamic country Bahrain? Do you know how peaceful its there. Watch and learn, a monarchy so good that gives rights, safety,care to all cultures and religions. And back in India, our home we fight amongst ourselves. Why? Eat what you want. Majority and minority shouldnt matter. Its not like we are killing people. Beef for life!
Bro u don't need your nation u have pakistan go there
dont worryi bjp will reveng by raise the issue of tripple talaak and cow slaughtering
Did u count the heads.... Entire Tamil nadu is against PETA. We people's have a culture... Don't spoil that in the name of law....Ban PETA in India.....
Mr. Macchiwala, please have some sense. This govt has done so much better than Congress. Don't mislead people.
To the genius's, total wealth of a country is not exactly the best parameter to judge, per person income will drop India and China way down on the list. 22 million Australians have little more wealth than 1.5 billion Indians, just to put things in perspective
In 2015 the educated people voted for educated minister an iitian , a former IRS and a social activist. 2015 to 2017 he is working for people betterment media don't show it as it is paid . We trust him n his team and we will again vote for him... We are really pissed of from corrupt mcd . People earning crores from mcd and people of Delhi are just pissed off
Jaswinder Bhai y this stupid question from me....I m not a bjp or rss man......  Rather I think u AAP guys should be happy....coz the campaigning by large number of big wigs from bjp for just MCD elections, is going to help Kejriwal only & create a negative image for bjp - ke saara kaam kaaj chod kar Municipal council elections me lagge hai......... I as a Delhi sensible Delhi citizen would take it negatively.....  So instead of abusing........ u AAP guys should thank BJP for this foolish move.......coz it will again strengthen the image of Kejriwal/AAP only at national level...
I am a big fan of Modiji but what about the BJP leaders who have a plenty of black money like....
This is the real topic but unfortunately we stuck in religion politics
Pak Army entered in Indian territory across 250 meters and Indian Army can't did anything...???
Sir delhi police reports to you and your central government.....still crying think about civilians
Let's just Science. Screw the rest.
Girish Rajani original ID dalit. Cant digest the truth
By your logic, India should have nuked the whole Pakistan coz Azmal Kasab was proved to be Pakistani.
It should be applicable to every relegion.
Annaji's action implies that he should has been in BJP!
But vice versa is still a dream in countries having shariyat laws 😂
Kb tk hamara 56 inch ke bom ko sambhalkar rkha jayega
u are destroying kerala 😠😠😠
anti cow slaughter law brought by congress government way back in 60s prevents slaughtering of milking cows & calfs of any age, only oxen above 12years, dry cattles & buffalos can be used  for beef. so that become illegal  happening under the very nose of law, police & government not preventing such acts & butchers are not caring the law
I see people in name of muslims making insane comments
Gangs of Wasseypur?? You guys think before writing...
Next...?? Mass Agitations soon..
Guys, stop putting religion between hatters of Modi, this is congress fan , so just treat him like that ways
Please be active n defend kejriwal we need him to save india and to develop imdia
Modi is not the designer of policies
God knws wat d prblm is..
Keep your Maan ki Baat with you, not required, but take necessary action to save lives of our soldiers who are killed on every other day.
No foul words pls al of us r decent and ladies r also in d discussions. Pls stick to clean comments. No hatred or bigotry too from anyone. This is seen by lot of people so let us maintain dignity and decorum.
If exit polls decide the election  results then govt should stop election
Maxwell is tottly poor in mind and wealth,,,, plz ignore this poor man,,, who said our pm ,,, tea man
Country is facing acutely employment problems for acomodating unemployed youth in private or govt sector so there is no discontent amongst security services so we should desist to create misconception amongst the people unnecessaryly
Good ... they deserve  ... simply doing March for  publicity ... ....
Subhash Sachdev yeah because we already gave you injection as like surgical strike
Azam Khan- you did not object to what Kharge had said but has the audacity to pass your filthy comments on PM' reply. Actually it may not be your fault. Your upbringing is faulty.
I think everything is plan by kejru only :) May be to divert public attention from something more fishy
I fully support Mr. MODI  STEP but why  Liberty for Political parties. .
Its the government's duty to do that..not for me to suggest nor any use now in doing so.
Rajshree Jena real face haha world know ENDIA face
instead of going to nearby place and talk to dem u jst tweeted and outburst prevailing bad situation .u shldnt do dat...
While some are busy fighting over fictional tales, there are some who are fighting for real people with real rights! This man! 👏
Dear CNBC-TV18; don't u have a better news or clippings to post. This clipping/news is nothing but junk. I feel like im watchin a 'Big Boss' clipping. Please post some better n informative news n clippings.
Another Isis spotted
congressisation of Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP),
He's adding colour to BJP......
http://indianexpress.com/article/india/fatwa-issued-against-reality-singing-star-nahid-afrin-by-42-clerics-4569825/    Dear Indian Express, I feel sorry to write that your journalists are out there to misinterpret events and present them in a distorted manner just to make some sensational headlines. The news about upcoming singer Nahid Afreen has been prepared without proper research and investigation. It was very sad to see that your journalists don't even know the difference between fatwa and appeal.  A fatwa is a non-binding legal opinion issued only by a qualified jurist (Mufti) on a request by someone who is unable to understand religious guidelines whereas the leaflet that is being circulated and presented as Fatwa is just a hard copy of an appeal signed by 46 men who believe in religious practices. The merit of appeal can be discussed on many grounds and in many dimensions but first and foremost, an appeal can not be called a legal opinion (Fatwa).  We expect apology from your side for such a mistake.
With awesome roads the car will hide .
Yogi adithyanadh is going to become the greatest leader of all time. He is going to make UP great again.
Don't remain Paper Tigers against the Aussies.
Ya, the place where you are wrong is still being alive! Busy with making movies for the last 2 years, this zombie has suddenly woken up! Crap of a human being!
The vegetable vendors are crying no buyers the farmers are crying but MODI &CO are a happy lot.
We will enjoy cricket without India. Indian players always fear with bounce pitches
Ppl cried by Trump name now see most of them have shut their mouths
this govt is worst than previous congi... everyday we hear soldiers getting killed and they are doing nothing condemning attacks in strong words..finance minister is our defence who is intersted in stock markets...
and INDIAN EXPRESS IS AGAINST THE IDEA OF CLEAN JOURNALISM
He is the person who given govt security for his bulls.
Good message. If you are a politician you can't do anything.
Sai Baba Dude, it is the truth. If you can't acknowledge and understand. Please try to think about it. you'll get it
Mr. Sathya ............. your history's knowledge is EITHER ASATHYA OR MITHYA, either study history without wearing glasses of bias, or else do visit a doctor for psychiatric therapy ...........
Just notice the names of persons who are speaking against modiji.... v will cum to know wat community do they belong to....modiji v indians r wid u
I am working for Indian company providing IT services for an Indian boss. In fact we earn abroad but spend in India. By the ways who's your comment related to my personal life. I am NRI, there millions here (people of all faith) working abroad and spending (investing) in India. From the time BJP has come to power all I see, is false promises, Gunda raj, GauRaksha, riots, etc. and people like you who are defending it and actually abusing the harmony which once was good between different communities.
The government has raised diesel prices by 51 paisa per litre and planned similar monthly hikes in future, to cut record subsidies.  Do you think it's a justified move from the government to meet its fiscal deficit?
Not good sonu nigam i don't think  s
ha ha ha, then what ? What else you can expect pushpak vimaan teams  :v :v :v :v :v
Anurag Nanda find me one negative comment. Such a phenomenon rarely happens.
Don,t play the blame game , start doing the work of development, especially poor states
I think they forgot to bring bike to the launch event..
Lol .. great initiative ! I indeed talked to him
its their personal money and not any govt fund.....so why does it hurts
Anna hazare is RSS agent and now giving suggestion to aap party
what he said is 100% true
Good joke dear indian if your Army is weak like this then where is your Claim Of Surgical Strike was that True or This is true ?
Pak didn't mutilate the Soldiers, their weapons did - Great thinker gurmehar Kaur.
What has he done now for middle and unemployment can anyone explain please
Yes but the question is why they are taking time on triple talaq
Tx to Turkey President. we are capable of handling our internal K issue. our politicians are stalwarts n rich experienced. We suggest try to sit with your kurds in turkey n start negotiating peace with them.
Mr. Taroor! Can you explain, Sonia not even fully citizen of India, ruled our India with all powers but accountable to none. Where were you Mr. Taroor? You never questioned her?
It was a shock to me as well when Yogi was made CM despite matured people like Rajnath Singh in the race. But my observtion says, sometimes responsibility makes you mature and thoughtful. Lets hope for the good.
Sahi kaha ab dekhte hai komse alag alag party wale ate hai ye check karne ko ke usne kya khaya yahi agar koi dusra hota to ab tak mar mar ke halat kharab kar di hoti uski
No.Let us hope not. It is too early to make s judgement on new Govt.
Dear my all comment friend when you are 2to 4 month you r  mum fed milk to u after 10 to 2year your family by cow milk fed to you make health and strong after u young and y eat cow that means u eat yr mum
no schemes ...make it straight ...houses are not selling ....you want more loan paying slaves for old news
Wt will she do ...wen u ll visit ur very own holy country ...
Rohan Vaidya it's not so corruption is not happening in Modi Raj. It's paid media which is being used to divert your attention. Moreover all investigation agencies are now under control of Modi and could not dare to expose him.
Never heard of him he doesn't control any of my money so he can go jump in the lake
It is good to see that he is losing mind. People have started sensing his selective muteness. #Opportunist
No one showed the courage to fought Black Money since independence. India 🇮🇳 has the only "" Murd"" in Narendra Modi.
Wow Pakistani hates Modi & loves Congress . This is why we support BJP 😘
Please forgive us Modi. We cant take more jumlas.... enough!
Government should pass a law that whosoever found cheating public, their petrol pump will become the property of the government. Then these cheaters will lose their property to the government
Some years later a new PM will come and say..... We have been fooled and looted since 80 years, help me to build a better country..... LMFAO!
So I am wasting time here and then after 1 year I'll be wasting same time getting the bike's gear box fixed
Copy pasting !😂
Now I am feeling sad for ur wife infact Noel Cyril Lazaro
Jammu Kashmir if there is truth in what you say...why don't u guys take a video evidence and send it via any social media...how can we come to know about what actually is happening unless we get to see them ...and if at all you have grievances then come to our country's capital and carry out peaceful protest...let us suppose for an instant that government is biased...at least you can try on the media...media will bring things to the forefront...then we can pressurize the government... then there definitely will be solutions...until then we are bound to believe in what our army is doing...coz every time we see you guys pelting stones and hurling anti indian statements that doesn't let us stand on ur side...maybe u guys need to try the social media way for a better connectivity with the rest of our country
where he gone
You can say ,it is the fight between BJP & Congress within AAP. Here ,I am with BJP
Gross. Living in new Jersey and not even half Indian, I am not baffled by your ignorance. Not the right time for such non sense humour
New CM candidate for Bjp....
she is brahmin so no hindu-brahmin rss organisation lynching her.
WHAT IS THE AMOUNT  INVOLVED? IF IT IS ONE LAKH OR SO EVEN NOW ONE CAN BUT IF IT IS 30,  40 lakhs or 30. 40 CRORES then why court even GOD CANNOT HELP YOU!  PLEASE TELL THE COURT WHICH POLITICAL PARTY LEADER GAVE YOU THIS HUGE CASH FOR STASHING in which case COURT MAY BALE YOU OUT!! HA HA HA!
sarkaar bhi gappon k gole daag rahi hai......sab politician ek jaise hi hain
Please, take akshay as mastri for toilet. He will be know about work.
So???  Uniform and the stars represent the great state and nation we serve how is that supposed to make us invincible to pain and sufferings...???
Ha..ha..ha..some people controlling a countries law and order...our judiciary is blind in this case...how can see it??? the eye is covered with a black ribbon...
Grow up Indian Express its high time you start writing for people not just to earn money .... have some reputation or remove Indian from your organization name...
How about we ignore you
Nusrat Nazir If the criminals are not punished, it is the governments' duty to punish them - if they do not then change the government. We have power to do that in a democratic country. What about the Kashmiri Pandits, did they get any justice? What are you doing about that?
You read the news? The two were patrolling in border, Pak army no need to enter the India more than 10 metres you think in border army stand in line or those half a million soldiers stand at border. Literally it is a guerilla attack. Pak army did genocide in Bengal
When ur son is going to jail?
But after taking pill, the patient went into coma . Wrong pill.
She believes only modi can do something. ...
price of dal n other can be up n down n it depends on lots of things. Again all party speak against Hindusiam.. that's one of reason they lost.. n they always worried about Muslim votes. And they support all IL legal activity of Muslim like Kashmir. Media even told 25% Muslim will decide who will win but hindu backfire them very badly. That's y they are craying...
Let's admit he is not a status quo PM He thinks and dares to act and face the challenge head on
I luv puppies and its very difficult to leave them and go to work too...😊😊😊
time for luxury ......relay the program in luxury time .....  is that sushma swaraj is the right candidate for president ....?   what about her fitness ...under gone kidney transplantation ....sir give some rest for sushma ji
Gandhi Killer Ram (Nathu) Temple in India......  Big Shame 4 India........
Let's ban movies now :P
Nowadays Indian Express going through a seviour identity crisis that's the reason now they are posting this kind of idiotic posts.
Misconduct with people shows one,s mentality
n pigs r haram?
Why use cops to fight a guerella insurgency in the jungle when real paramilitary troops can be created and be given a clear mandate?  CRPF is fighting with one arm tied,one eye closed and wrung with beuracratic hurdles that hinder equal benefits and logistical support.  You can't fight naxals with policeman. You need real paramilitary units.
Hamare pm or raj nath ji kadi ninda bhar kar sakte hai
Create personality cult and taken political approach not act as director of RBI but as agent of Congress so called intelactual not greater than Indian economy or institution.  Why Congress didn't elect shree kalam for his second term
Not every African is drug trafficker or criminal Not every indian is rapist ,not every Muslim is terrorist , there are good and bad people  in each community ,Its media propaganda to divide people and rule ,if we unite the elites and politicians will loose there ground,all this problem are not community problem
Does debating such topics in TV really matters?I mean does it even make a difference to the people??
R they going to bring Chota Bheem r Big Bheem????
Thats a separate issue dear friend.
Indian express becoming new times of India....
Poverty is across the religions and castes. Unfortunately for vote bank politics, such thing is being done. Reservations should be based on economical grounds. Women reservations are also accepted. But not on religion basis. It should be immediately withdrawn. JAI HIND
Hmmm caught the real cat now ;)
Now she will ban movies 😂
That Mrs Indira Gandhi taken permmion from parlament  That time BJP had 1 seat Janata dal n BJP was against   East pakistan n west pakistan. If that time you was ap peon in RSS office
All mullas and madrasa students started their idiocy here as well
Why did Modi avoid speaking in Parliament inspite of repeated insistence by opposition
Defence forces still not got 7  CPC
Good luck. I am afraid whether it will work or not.
Where do they all come from?--hot seat for old news poured into your brain ...welcome to hotel cnbc tv 18 ...such a lovely place such a lovely place   .......lryics dedicated for cnbc tv 18
Anna please be away from politics, Your bloody anshans very much damaged congress reputation, and you forget all your goals, you are totally directionless  better enjoy old age :)
Maybe Indian army kill 7 chickens in return HAHAHAH.....Indian army scared to face a world powerful Pak Army.....
We win UP we save COWS , why we worry for soldiers , sleep in Ac room , why we want think about soldiers
Everything that ever happens with With Modi it is always the first time ever in history. Guess he makes history every time he opens his mouth.
So best remedy is to kill patient
Where these tests were taken in jio office I think. I am not getting more than 200 kbps and that during night after 1 am.
In govt place not done, th en what? in the railway station  not new and old are so detoriate like to investment 1 kg cement  and also to asked to a hakur to investment to rectified urrnial  consider rail occupied.
Modi bjp rss is concerned about Muslim women who suffer due to  Triple talaq  OK gud but they don't show any concern about widows of vigilante naked  crime  murder looting etc that's why nobody support it on Triple talaq issue becoz its intention s are malafide.
But EVM used to vote only fr bjp...
for enlightment refer my  second comment -buddha bless you
I informed the authorities about NSEL, following a tip-off, 6 months ago. I wonder why they took so long in taking action. Monitoring and gathering evidence probably!
ibn,ishag992/Quran ,what they write on ,really u will shock
listen mate your eternal father MODI JI  is still your nemesis,
There is no equality in treatment of indian civilians belonging to minority religions and lower castes from govt departments. And the president has not spoken single word about it. He talks about happiness. Irony
Why not for every one why only for women only .why not men...men dost have pain..men are not humans??
secularism- is not an easy thing. I can say no political party is true secular in its behaviour. some appease muslims , in the name of minority and some appease majority. secularism is used  like  commercial advertisement. No  party is secular.......
May be fear of called ANTI NATIONAL
WTF is this??? How r v, the meritorious general category public supposed to survive???
People were bullying her for not pursuing career n now she has stated her opinion and people have started judging her... it's her mentality and opinion that doesn't mean working women consider their kids as puppies.. if she thinks like this then poor her
It is enough of telling us about previous govrements failures ,listening to that we have lected you ,all the promises you have made speek about them  only
Anna ji lokapal abhi tk nahi aya. Kab andolan karne wale ho? Ya sirf Congress k khilaf drama tha?
U could hv give slap that MLA.
Very true, who needs terrorists produced by Pakistan? :D :D
bye bye ..dear bajaj .. i got some better work to do than watching ur funny bike launch
This move by pm can't be digested by the corrupt people.indians should be proud that corrupt is being rooted out.next the education system should be corrected.
I think all types of notes should be Renewed 😂😂
My Support to demonitisation.. All muncipal corporations should cancel license for all shops who still accept cash...
When is India banning visa to Pakistaniz.
Manmohan ji  U didn't speak ur words. U just spoke congress words
Respected Person, pl all areas Handover to India Army and order to shootout every naksaliyon
Meghraj accidents can happen anywhere. Kolkata Traffic Police is doing their best to spread awareness about driving on roads, if people doesn't follow the rules they're responsible for their own accidents, stop blaming the entire Bengal for that.
Sambit Patra...Is so pathetic.... Please come to the problem.....Stop giving accounts..... What is the action plan...He is so Shameless, that he just cannot Answer.....BJP...Can only be a good Opposition... They don't​know how to run the Nation.
Cow is not more important than a human life. I think democracy is for the people not for animals.
Sirf  dialogue pe dialogue aur kuchh nahi ,sab faltu bate NOTE bandi ke bad hamla bad gaya hay   Jai hind
Now stone pelting would start against our army just as a gift 😑
Great 👍 best of luck...keep trying....just identified an RSS fanatic
Really?? And what if your boss promoted his less talented nephew over you who so righteously deserve it having the best qualifications, ambition and acumen? Dear one ,WITH GREAT POWER, COMES GREAT RESPONSIBILITIES. If kj promotes nepotism why the veneer of this sleek , smart and conscientious gentleman? Who is stopping him? But then one needs to be image conscious in this world, rite?
For UP..Elections..JNUSU playing The Dalit card..
When we drive abroad in other countries, traffic fines are huge due to which people take driving as a responsible & careful affair. Drunk driving is 6 months straight jail in some countries.  In India, we shift lanes without indicating, drive drunk, stand after the stop line at red signal and jump them without thinking twice of the serious implications. Non-existence of emergency lanes on roads. People not giving space to Ambulance & other emergency vehicles. I also lost my mother while in ambulance just because few people had more important places to reach and blocked our way. Believe me your perspective of driving would change completely when you are in a situation like that one.  So I fully support government's decision to make the fines at par with the global norms and hope that all the traffic violators get what they actually deserve.
they are not cowards this is the reality media is showing wrong
People voted only for Modi not for bjp or any other leader...
Modi starer Demonitisation Movie super hit. great collections of 07 days. Breaks world records.
Partha bro....your comment smells as if you like the concept of killing
Send cow vigilantes to the border it will help both end😂😂😂
law only for poorman
Wife is not meat.. Meat doesn't have its right but wife has.. You can choose meat to eat or not but you can't just throw your wife if you are married..
Modiji now its time to give control in the hands of Army.....
Can we know whom you want to be PM? Owaisi? @mohammad sufiyan
Kudos Kangana taking a lone stand in an industry filled with cliques makes us realize just how strong you are anyways if anyone should leave the industry it should be Karan himself- you have more talent than he would have in ten lives
In a Religion driven economy - atheist becomes a threat 🤔!!
The author is very free with his words and has scant regard for balance, examination of different viewpoints and reasonableness of conjecture. But I guess he likes this brand of sensationalism which can earn him some brownie points among the armchair left-leaning liberal intellectuals
Pakistan is an associate country..Vl be vanished  in 40-50 yrs from now.. Already Gwador port on lease to China for 40 yrs..China slowly building Colony in Pakistan... Slow poison Vl vanish dem by Chinese..
Why Delhi police let him go back.he should be jailed& met the worsttreatment
Kindly focus on nexus of drug Mafia as u promised before election...for Mrs Gandhi lots of chamche sitting in Delhi
All devils muslims never stay peaceful  any Part of world you go to Works in Saudi Arabia  you are starring terrorist  acative idiot's
Thank you Anna for not joining AAP, Otherwise AAP may vanish early..!
Everyone riding this bike will soon turn into Ghosts. That's the message from Launch ceremony.
Only life time actor  That too cz he's an old legend  No doubt he was great bt his era has gone  Now all he's doing is just timepass
And whom to blame for rising violence against minorities?
Yes they pelting stone at dog because u bites their children
Bjp making a reverse action..because of thier gimnick cow meat is more popular in kerala..Bjp cant do any thing in kerala.
In my view, dirty cash flow during Election Process can be checkmated if one keeps a close watch upon 2nd & 3rd ranking leaders & helpers - not party workers like personal drivers or typists across spectrum & all banking daily withdraws of around Rs. 20000.00 in relation to their economic, social & political statuses & overall local economic activities of local Economic Heavyweights across economic spectrum & credit bills above Rs. 10000/day of businesses like resturants, event organisers/business houses etc✔
Physical fitness, is not the prerogative of army, alone.
I'm a keralate and i don't eat beef  I think all people have the right to have food of their own wish  I don't know what's wrong with these BJP idiots
do you believe this news ? .....lets us assume even if the news is real .....p.m election campaign from 2014 -  total number of days wasted -45
Useless
We in kerala do not have caste system like in the north and we all live in harmony be it Johny,Janardhana or Jafar!! Dont poison our state like UP Maharashtra etc!!
Sad but nothing compared to Hindus getting killed in Bengal kerala
FIR should be registered against MLA.
ironically Mumbai also has the 2nd largest slum in Asia ..Dharavi
Atleast his speech has facts unlike that of modi, full of lies and crying... anyone can speak against wrong deeds specially when someone disable 90 % of people to get their money from their accounts and eventually disable all middle and lower section people to get basic needs of life including  food...... u know what i mean by 90%
Government should see that common man should not be in trouble
Hammad Ahmed don't u think this 1 truly a surgical, which enemy claims while we don't
Demonetization did great service during election!!! Look at UP results!! Mafios especially that Dalit mafia queen could not unload black money during election!! See the outcome!!
Are you living in this planet or with 72 virgin hoors @ ubaid 1qbal,  pls check Google or you tube, you will get what you want there,  how disgusting you people are trying to distort the reality, shame on you
WoW!! CNBC-TV18 could not find a picture of an Indian Loco!!! Using Chinese Loco's...
Dike Chukwudi Henry two wrongs do not make a right but as always no one talks about this stuff in the west
Anti bjp groups are on paralizing mode....they cant recover ....going to be worst condition more n more
You come to Tamil Nadu man, right now no such problem here, but we have many other problems
Nothing my dear. You lost your husband and only you will suffer life long and your family with you. Others will just do the lip service. God bless his soul to be rested in peace
If Rupee is Lakshmi, Old Lakshmi is visiting temples nowadays!!
Please search some humanity in Syria too
As cow vigilantism sweeps across Uttar Pradesh, cattle-sellers go online to sell their cows.
Real pm who will take indians to hights or down
now dont start discussion and waste my time.i am going with his fathers statement which is strong message.rest lies with intelligence agencies to decide not me or you.you people have no time rather pointing different angles# Venkatarama krishnamurthy
Fascist order by fascist government...!!
Rajit Raja China aint communist now, only aperson with ZERO knowledge of economics will categorise it as communist.
How come u gave tax exempt to political pupil what is the use doing all ?
Working or not working is a personal choice..the way Mira minds people having judgements about her being a house maker the same way she shouldn't be judgemental about women who work after having babies  Working after babies no where means these women love their kids any less than she..some don't have a choice due to financial constraint..some choose it because they want to..as simple as that
Pak army is layer all offiser are donkey tjey have no guts to fase indian arme on frontline
Let us call a spade a spade Anna ji. You will go down in history as the person who ushered an era of Anarchy in the country. Atleast one generation will pay the price for having supported your so called followers. Harsh words, i am afraid, but true. Truth hurts, doesn't it?
Thanks to Trump and all racists😣
Very Well said 🖒
An old man who is handled by the most dangerous politician in history
After this the story will be same till next election people will suffer for voting.
Pak Army intruded into Indian terrirtory, killed indian soldiers, had some laugh cup of tea with biscuits, mutilated their bodies and went back to their barracks, now tell me while this all rubbish was happening what were indian border forces doing watching mia khalifa and sunny leone?
If Dalits not pushing science in India , then there could total choas and illogical things will emerge ..like black vs white, women vs men , short vs tall .. eventually will lead to Delhi Sultnate returning to power ..then British ..why to repeat all history again.
Yogi Adityanath should have come in her support .His support would have salutary  effect on the loose cannons in his party.
Ask them how many days it takes to print in 5  lakh crores
If citizens of India had cared for country, would Congress have looted country for 60 yrs. Let us now remain awake in this awakening ,support modi till he cleans all the mess .
Do you like icecream?
now it looks advani & MM goshi and other terrorists are not in the race for president post. So Anna is appeasing modi to get a chance. oooo
Killing Kurds , yazidis , collaborating with ISIS and you r terming them ummahs best leader in the world. Nonsense. Pakistan is also ur ummah then
India producing engineer , tea , iitian but mighty pakistan producing terrorist
nursery kid should be in their respected  class ......beware you will be lost in the crowd dear
Hai cnbc tv 18.....brain game do watch National geographic channel there by you can recognise true and false facial image created examples actors , false smiles , etc.........muscles of your face . your brain is also highly adopt at recognizing what other peoples' faces are saying...now match your candidate also ...this comments in totality not for any particular subject please .
RSS people starts boiling when any body says about secularism and start giving their own bised definition of secularism. This communal thought was first inducted by Sarwarkar in the year 1910 in Indian freedom straggle and and terminated at the birth of  RSS in 1925 along with another communal organisation MUSLIM  LEAGUE. These organisations seldom taken part in the straggle of India.
Utter bs. He was sleeping all the while since GST is being discussed. They all are in deep slumber & taking a break on TV.
I am cutting a pig right now. ..wanna taste it  ??
Top university for raising anti-national slogans???
He slaped indian journalist when he tried to RELATE KASHMIR ISSUE WITH KURDS ISSUE.......I GUESS INDIAN SHOULD REMEMBER THAT TURKEY ALWAYS SUPPORTS PAK ON KASHMIR ISSUE......AND ALSO SEE THE INTERVIEW ..LOL!😂........AND YOUR MEDIA WAS COMPairing him with...CHAI WALA!😂
How else can a doting house held lazy mother justify her life to herself!!!! Well!!! Ms. Rajput... It's probably the most u are capable of....  We the kids of entrepreneur woman are actually puppies we learn to be independent very soon and that's what a good parenting calls for....
OMG. Indians are masters of blaming others for their failure. It seems majority population is not influenced or learned from Ramayana, Gita, Mahabharat, upnishad,  Puran, But they get everything from movies. Ha ha
Ha has gone to Kailash Yatra, after returning back he shall comment on Indias economic reformation.
He mean when the baby cry while he sleeping  he get disturb of carrying noise so hold the baby's neck  This is all drama for to get fame only  Enough now by the using religions  Now we all Indians are aware of those all
National award on the way !
I think you are Rahul Gandhi supporter
Who is speaking? Head of a party who execute with the cruelest methods any one who are found to be a threat to their growth, even their own cadres or Leaders who may desert Party. Even Mussolini or Hitler will shudder if they see the method of murders this inhuman party did. They failed miserably in West Bengal. Now many right thinking citizens are rejecting the polarisation jumla of both Congress who are habitual corrupt and Communists whose DNA is political murders and joining BJP refusing to be mislead by their Vote Bank Lies of communalism. Vijayan's party as well Cingress are scared and worried about the erosion of their cadres to BJP and hence unleashed a dirty devilish Malicious  Communal Campaign coupled with murders and clashes on BJP. But this has become outdated and Congress is swept to a corner in Centre. Same experience will meet CPIM and Congress again.
That's male ego talking.. 😈
Such a horrible article. Quotes the Pope on Marxism as if he is the authority to go by. The highest income inequality today is in Russia of all countries and yet Marxism is the panacea. The attempts to create Marxist utopia have given us horrors of Stalin, pol pot, Mao, Castro, and Hugo Chavez and yet this belief of infallibility of Marx hasn't gone. It is almost if Marxism itself is a religion.
Where is bhaiya ji joshi , kiren rijuju, anil vij , naidu sir all are silent on thus
Poor interpretation and misrepresentation of facts
Anna has lost the faith of people.He is not saying a single word about faulty EVM ,misuse of Governors,misuse of all the institutions by corrupt Hippocrate Bhajpa.
I waiting for the launch,,, but I surprised by this performance done at launch
getting married to guy ten years elder to u and while hes going places .. you stay home in the name of motherhood and homemaker is only something who got marid for chilling on someone elses hard money can do.. hard working independent gals have to work to fulfil dreams buy house gve good future and raise independent kids
I toh everytime say this 😂😂😂 You r the one crying all time :p
I like surprises would wait prepare urself n be happy
Y it was not an immediate step rather than an informed step..
and that logic comes out of chapter 29 verse 37 😂😂😂😂
Lol, about 55% of Kerala's population are Hindus, and most don't have a problem with it. What makes it YOUR moral right to speak for them? 55% of the population wrong? Or you don't get maths and logic? Go on, blah blah blah...beef...aiyyo!
CASH- LESS...That is Modi's dream.Don't tell me that he has achieved it so faast !!..I don't quite trust the Russian diplomat?!!!!
It has to be a 'military 'retaliation and not diplomacy. Paskistan does not believe in diplomacy because they don't believe in it. They believe in combat with weapons that were given to them free by their coalition partners viz U S and some middleeast countries. They have no money to buy weapons
My friend 1400 crore has been spend in 2014 election by BJP. Which is most expensive election campaign ever in India. 42% of the total money had spend on media for fake or brain washing publicity.
मै ये बिल्कुल पसन्द नही करता कि कोई गाली गलौज करे पर सरकार की जबाबदेही बनती है एक सप्ताह मे दूसरी घटना  सरकार लाचार दिख रही}
Madam working women make more successful everything !!
Due to Worse Policies across the country TamilNadu Farmer's are Hunger Strike at Jantar Mantar, Delhi demands for Waive off Agriculture Loans and Drought relief Scheme to be Sanctioned, As on Now Central Govt haven't took any reasonable Empowered Scheme for benefit of Farmers. TN State Govt had requested Central To Sanction Drought relief Scheme Funds But Central Govt didn't addressed Till Now?? Agriculture Ministry Says Financial Burden for UP farmer's loan waiver shall Takeover By Central Exchequer ,Why Not for other Farme's across the Nation?? #Agri Ministry says Farmer's Lost their Lives due failure & Incomptance.  I Hope Honour Narendr Modi Shall remember that he Is Prime Minister of  Nation Not only For Uttar Pradesh.
A man self obsessed with religious ideology even in friendship couldn't be a trustworthy. Let him go back without any further talks.
Well this is quite normal .. if the lady can't bear it then she don't even have any OLQs... Yeah it's in public but nominal one... He just scolded her ....
He should be transported to Afghanistan
It will soon vanish from Delhi also then back to Pavilion.
Nothing wrong in sinus tweet
Then why you are killing our own people there ?He took so many days to understand this simple thing
Haha.Modi said demonetization will remove fake notes & black money. Nobody can remove corruption. And now fake money.
I do not believe this. Government must see down to the common man. See how common people are suffering. See how people are gathering new notes.
He cut head  all of poor peole of our India
Wrong statement made by #Indianexpress 👎
This country requires cash at this moment, not your political speech.
Abhi thodi der me modi ji tweeter SE hamla karenge modi ji desh ko chinta karne ki jarurat nahi ha
I dnt knw y inteelectual like u is also behaving Narendra paid bhakts...Srsly msurprised
He is considered to be hardliner.By appointing him CM ,BJP is going to give the message it is serious about the construction of Ram Temple at Ayodhya.
Covering AAM from GOVt schemes is OK. But Delhiwalas don't want to see the face of Kejri as well.
printing new notes cost money and those banned costed and was all waste .. why dosent he get forign bank details of his political party people
RM and Sushma Swaraj are the only working people in BJP. Rest are just religious politics and campaigning...
Oh do you know where osama bin laden has been found ??  Who started taliban  in 1992 ??  Even your x President musarraf excepted that they sponsored terrorism and osama is your hero
It should b one same like demonitization... It is rather an informed measure to take the rectification step to avoid mistake
Some messages shows how they got their hands burn by demonisation
Correct decision but horrible implementation ! Next steps for any honest PM including him:- 1) All elections to be funded by the Election commission thru special credit cards issued to the extent allowed.  2) All parties to abide by the limit in case any candidate found exceeding limit he should be declared the looser even if he had won. 3) immediately enforce BTT ( Bank transaction tax which should not. E more than 2% of the value used. 4) No income tax to be more than 10% 5) Sack any one found guilty of corruption without any recourse to courts. Amend service laws  6) Cover the agriculturists by tax which should not exceed 5%
Bhai did u see 2022. Not every politician is same.
so as per whole world plotting conspirocy aginst your religion....LolllZZZ
Foreign style attitude. It really works and has to be implied
Think so he has won with a blast keep up that rapo so modiji need not beg for bote
Every single politician has been saying that for the past 69 years. So only time would tell if 2022 is gonna be any different.
You wanna eat pork it is your call then.we won't stop you.we wanna eat beef it is our call then.you don't stop us.free country free choices.fair and square.
Fake news
I feel the Govt. Should remove all subsidies, let PSU to do buiness on their own not pressurise them. And beleive in ""Survival of the fittest""
At least Arvind Kejriwal has done something for the society at large. Anna, hand in glove with BJP, is thinking at it's lowest mental level. Shameful !!!!
WTF, a ruling party is not allowed to have their office in the state, Anna Hazare dont know how many offices BJP, Congress, SP, BSP have in Delhi and in other states....
maybe you need to research more on why there are Maoists in that part of india in the first place. Understanding the problem will give you a wider perspective and maybe even how to better deal with them.
First improve your service MR Rajiv. Your service guys are sick they can't handle a RS200 properly and the D400 fate gonna be even worse
hahahahahahahhaha. China is communist.hahahahahhahajajahahha.  If anything Its right wing with no democracy. Look at Uighurs and Tibetans If Chinese were Communist monks would've still be living in Tibet and So would Uighur atrocities would be none.    China is country lover Communists are people lover not country.
Maximum no. Of politican is caught having black money at home is related to BJP on that what PM is taken action
Remove reservation.. continue providing financial aid to under privileged. Let Merritt prevail in jobs.
राष्ट्रपति चुन होने दो यारो   पाक हो या कश्मिरी पत्थर बाज इनी नानी
Nice ,we are sponsoring WORLD CRICKET but can't find sponsorship for eliminating poverty!! Sad
It is the worst of times; it is the age of foolishness; it is the epoch of incredulity; it is the season of darkness; it is winter of despair; we have nothing before us and we are already in abyss.
Y to go bank right now if you have white money... stay calm and support govt. We have open window of 50 days. Exchange it in 50 day and do not rush to ATM machines immediately....
becasue anna is RSS man
Guys I figured it out they are singing opera in advance for your funeral as 400 cc on Indian roads will kill you lol...
Good but Why not say it in parliament to hear a counter view ?
Message clear, that was it, and what was made out of it.  ..
Ok now u wanna debate on wether we should eat non veg or not. I m all for it dude,eat whatever u want just don't mock my beliefs in my own land. Just that. Besides beef u r free to eat anything , we r not against non veg.
Such comment by such a public figure is quite annoying bcoz we should not b against such sort of things as we live in a country with a lot of cultural and religious diversity so if people r mentioning  such sort of creepy things where everyone of us live in brotherhood inspite of all this we should respect everyone's feeling and believe
Which one u want  Y category  Ya Z category ohZ+ no worries u get it No need dramas
Oh really
Y he is not recovering loans from big corporates who owe to this country
My dear, vishesh films which is Bhatt's production bring Kangana a star status   To sm extent  she is correct but als talking such rubbish is wrong   She even herself is promoted by Aditya Pancholi....
It's a failed philosophy and failed model.Latest example is Food  Riots and economic meltdown, 1000% inflation in Venezuela Country which has similar model.
Comparing gt to Duke is like comparing your girlfriend with your drandma
He created a Bhasmasur.
Now Mohan should be declared anti national..... hahahahahahahahhaahhahahahahahahahhahahahahhahaahahahah
You r not in opposition.. Don't write love letter to pak
Why to vote these goonda party vote to Modi and BJP
Yaar NDTV instead of showing path how to make a good bill you are make it a drama...we dont admire you NDTV your are a fake channel
its betar u became a yogi and compare urself
Great Move Modi jee u have set another example  king nd its fraternity will always get cake.. Its the foolish 'subjects' who r sufferer. I did not dare to use wird 'citizens'.. Still i will wait for ur move for party money management.. Alasss once more..
Surgical strike is one type of piles operation, Doctor says it's done successfully but patient want to keep it secret.
I guess this is IDS and not demonization! Govt has not gathered any thoughts. Just giving heroic statements will not run well for long term
SHANTHI PURASKAR COZ AFZAL GURU KASAB STIL LIVING AND ALL CURREPTED LEADERS ARE FREELY ROMING ON THE ROADS
Why dont you tell ur husband to do the same??afterall misha is not a puppy!! :D
Please stop giving the term SAHID for this kind of killings. This is clearly murder due to the weak approach of government. They are useless. Why can't they allow army to take the revenge after killing those rats.
For God sake, india is a free country and he's an Indian first, a Hindu and a father and then a celebrity! What's up with you ppl and drawing conclusions and making your own presumptions! It's his account and he has every right to tweet what he feels! If idiots react? Too bad!
Hey dreamcatcher govt... Just look as to what's happening at the border I.e., LOC. Innumerous soldiers are being martyred every now and then. Stop all this nonsense of feeding milk and water and posting crap on social media and take a resolution or a God's sake plan to step up and do something rightful in need for our brave soldiers who died trying to save our country while we are too much busy doing nothing. Thanks.  Sincerely, An indian
What else can you expect from criminal RSS,BJP, leaders in power.
Why does he deserve my respect? What has he done to earn it? Nothing. My respect is not cheap to be given freely. It is given only to deserving people.  Don't cheapen respect by giving it freely.
This is utter nonsense a big compromise with the safety of passengers . Drivers must be punished .
Simmi Nadeem Siraj porki from poopistan! Shame on u! U r sayin a lol
MR.kunder ,are you gone mad.....
Why isn't anyone sending bangles to the PM. I remember a women who told that she will send a bangle to the ex pm last time when they attacked.
In Kolkata really to asked be available either by govt or by local arrange or petrol pump or hospital near to shealdha station to avoid rail failure
Where is the MLAS. Who will elect him. Knowing that he can't get elected he is playing drama
It's million not 'billion' dollars.  Don't u guys proof read your articles before posting?
Darshil Patel. Patel Parth. I think you should also start speaking😂PPrem Dave
Why Indian Express have to try to defend his statement?
Introducing 2000 will help black money transactions easy...good Initiative 😆 2 more yrs
you need to study law before saying anything to Indian express
Deepak u tell us wat should have been done to get back the black money
emerging India emerging actor Narendra Modi Ji, enough of speaking we need to see implementation, we all know you can market your thoughts well, we need more implementation, speaking about the same one good thing all the times does not help. stop the blame game of pointing congress we all know the history, what we are interested is the future
Important n needs follow up n check up in Masjids n their wrong messages in prayer time !
Are you mad
She is the cocaine girl. What is wrong in that ?
Anna didn't talk about Kashmiri Pandits, triple talaq, malda voilance.... And so on... But the BJP is not calling him pro Congress...
Kejriwal is honest person but politically immature better than modi bjp
Now the barath  jalavo party will come up with new version  of development.
Anna is not the same Anna....
Sonu sir please don't comment on any religion. Every religion have its own respect so don't mention particular religion if u have problem with loud noise then write on that electronic item........
He have a great idea....
Here comes a human rights activist who's concerned only about criminals
he is angry why buffaloes are not mentioned
People wake up. Just look at the disruption in common people lives and no impact on wealthy people.
every thing is right but as an entrepreneur business hve slash dwn sevourly and Rent of the shop are as past. ie incumg flow has decline rapidly and outgoing flow r still increasing. its become vey difficult for a lay man to survive
It is a BIG repeated lie when they say there is no shortage of currency. Almost all banks are refusing to give the assigned quota of Rs.24,000 per week. Instead most bankers negotiate with the customer and give not more than 10,000. The complete system is in a disarray.
Ambulance is for cows not for human beings...unless they don't need for themselves...idiots still voted for them
Who listens Lalu!
This is one step , there may be more step
why you guys are reporting to see us , where is the govt officials ? .....from HR
How can sme1 appeal wen he have nt given any rights,any lawyer,cannot even contact his own country..fr help..nd uh ppl can hang him immdediately like uh did with sarbjit coward army..
I guess #IndianExpress and #ABPNews didn't watch that video properly😡😡
BJP Govt need only foreign money from Indian workers in abroad But Not take care of them   Where is sushma? VK sing and Indian embassy?
I wud rather call it noise pollution, but forced religion. Coz, i smtyms feel that these speakers are nt allowed in any gurudwara, jaagran, masjid, mandir coz they smtyms really disturb at nyt, during exams Or if they are allowed den their volume should be maintained to a limit.
The hartal was against illegal meet stalls not for beef ban..paid news??
what did we get from it ? joblessness and lower GDP. "" in long run , we , all r dead "" - J. M. Keyens.
Wow, before winning they didn't have to do it? Nice journalism!
India is a Hindu country, secularism is a slow but sure way to convert it into Islamic. As soon as muslims are in majority, all this talk of secularism will be meaningless.  You will find a vast majority of Indian muslims sympathetic to the Saudi regime style shariat laws, banning of other religions in most Islamic countries and justifying the Islamic practices. Many are openly speaking of support for Fatwas against those who speak their minds....they attack those who say the truth. Examples of Tarek Fateh and Taslima Nasreen are there for all to see.  Secularism is only a tool to deceive Hindus.   Secularism is not a one way street, are muslims secular? If not, india should never make the mistake of being secular.
This is not some mullah nation to jail people for getting seperated. If you want a divorce, man up like every one else, go through the courts, go through counseling, commit to alimony and child support. This is not 7th century.
This is a start of a political reengineering process. Those political parties who are opposing demonetization have already started reading the writings on the wall. They will not be able to play politics in the name of poor, the method hitherto  being followed, as poor is going to be a state of past. All political parties are not yet equipped to face that situation and hence the hue and cry. Good luck Mr. PM. Let's keep our fingers crossed.
People born with golden spoon shouldn't give statements like this... Had she seen some struggle to provide a better future for children she would have known the importance of a working lady..
how many people get killed by cpm party supporters in keral in one month?
Even we have lost hopes in Anna Hazare....He is not worried about corruption now
another Jumla from Bhartiya Jumla Party.
All Govt. Offices should have CCTV camera inside the rooms.
No Mr Anna Hazare is mis guided-there is fact
Really shameful
If you have complaints against other loudspeakers early morning, they also need to be following law within decibel limits and timings
If you still think Cho was speaking as a sycophant of Modi even after his demonetisation move, you must be extremely anti-Modi.
I think every female has a right to choose the way she wants to lead her life and dear mrs shahid kapoor no mothers daughter is a puppy whether she is working or a homemaker Imagine if ur gynaecologist at the time of ur delivery said that i cant leave my daughter and come for ur delivery as she is not a puppy then what!
Oh, Anna Hazare, still alive?
Cry Baby
People will show the doors to modi government
After ur speech I think black money holders also support u
I would like to congratulate CNBC 18 for getting so many record breaking comments. 😂 Never seen so many comments your post. Never knew there are so many hasty and self proclaimed political gurus in the country. Zero level of critical thinking in most comments.
Do you know whether i did or not? Buttwipe
why showing emotions is bad ...? i dont feel so despite of how he dresses how he talk and how he live the real question should be are we growing with him ...and i find yes we are..
This newspaper is funny, It did not mention in heading who is Pinarayi Vijayan,  thus giving impression that this statement was made by  some RSS leader.  Indian express is master of misleading.  This news was posted at 5.30 morning.  I wonder when was this statement made?
Just 2 seats more than BJP 😜
modi Hai to ek politician ye sabit hua.desh bhakti shirf ek chola hai.jis per shirf rotiya hi sekhi jati rahege.aur jawan sahid hotey rahege.
height of stupidity.. respecting an animal but disrespecting a lady woww!!!!fights on what to eat n what not to.. put Kajol in jail she should eat according to indian law
If this news is to be believed, the Pakistani army is not following the military ethics at all. Thank you
Don't worry, indian army too won't mutilate pakistan soldiers bodies.......third party would do this...
Thanks for My non-Muslims bros who condemn Sonu's tweet...but some people are commenting abt noise pollution n they said that Sonu's tweet abt noise pollution... But one thing i wanna ask them that, is musical concerts reducing noise pollution...?
BJP MLA is most powerful position today. Police officer need to understand.
He specifically said abt Muslims and their Azaan. How is dat right?
Indian express you are too funny
Harish Kumar and kerala too
Which means ​ India has more toilets and mobiles than Pakistan.  Pakistan A nation that also suffers from the same problem,but they are blind to it.
how many of you guys know that all internal war Syria is facing was started from Alleppo university and university of Damascus..., if you don't then Google it.....l think we should stop this type of cancer from spreading in our country.
seeing all these i guess the dominar dont work in the mornings
Seriously? Have you ever watched. Decent Tamil or Malayalam movie? Actors who did some acting are the Tamil Actors! Remya Krishna, Nassar and Sathyaraj. Direction was not as good as part 1. So many animation flaws. How could the head of the golden statue float on the last scene?
check khaleej times website ...This news is false
Nidhish Nair like his North Indian counterparts are waiting for that 12 lakhs to fall into his account .
Once an Entrepreneur opens a world class Zoo and charges Rs. 100 as entry fees.. But to his disappointment no body comes to see the Zoo.. Then he reduces the fees to Rs. 50 but this time too he hardly gets any visitor.. Frustrated the Entrepreneur finally slashes the fees to mere Rs. 10 and still gets deprived of visitors..  He ultimately announces free entry to the Zoo and the greedy masses flock to the Zoo.. He gets elated to see such awesome response to the scheme.. The smart Entrepreneur releases the hungry wild animals from the Zoo and charges whooping Rs. 10000 per person for Exit.. The helpless crowd left with no choice pay that money for their life..  WELCOME TO THE SCHEME CALLED JIO 😂😂
Anna g bjp join karke sahi kiya z plus security mili h
Has he got bangles on?? No not yet, I guess Ms. Irani didn't receive the 1000/- yet😂😂😂😂😂
Long back charges on withdrawal were introduced but later had to withdraw. It is unethical. Bank fully utilize clients funds and it was held illegal. Better checkup past experience.
A way of thinking : it's not a loss it's an aggregate of savings of per capita household income, savings of hospital expense caused due to accidents after drink and drive , savings on every house income that goes to govt which is earned by either the lady of the house or the man which can now be spent on something better, savings on the stress caused due to fights between the wife and husband due to drinking, savings on the physical abuse happening in so many homes, saving the child from watching the trauma caused by the fights between his or her mom dad
The ""reason"" behind the loss in UP is very easy to explain. Pimp Shriman Pappu Maharaj riding bicycle 🚲 with Akhilesh had flat tires . It could not therefore meet their constituents waiting for free laptops and iPhone.
et says they crushed cnbc ....you people say we crushed times now ....so both of you people do not speak facts ......then how can we trust market news ...
Mr Ashish of #knowyourcompany, teach this guy se manners, how did he spoke to MD of Specialty restaurants.  Just to mention on the service charge issue if the comment of the hoteliers committee was arrogant, then just see the episode once again to see what you did there.  You are nothing as compared to him, these things don't look good on television, we didn't turn it on to see your arrogance.
First American hate him now American  love him, he know how to make tomorrow better.  Who hate him today will fellow him in coming day's.
We appreciate the bold move but NRIs who don't have plan to travel to India in 50 days or say till 31st of March will be in trouble.
Central government is spending crores of rupees in j&k for the last 70 years but this is nonsense, go-ahead and clean it.
http://indianexpress.com/article/india/fatwa-issued-against-reality-singing-star-nahid-afrin-by-42-clerics-4569825/  Dear Indian Express, I feel sorry to write that your journalists are out there to misinterpret events and present them in a distorted manner just to make some sensational headlines. The news about upcoming singer Nahid Afreen has been prepared without proper research and investigation. It was very sad to see that your journalists don't even know the difference between fatwa and appeal.  A fatwa is a non-binding legal opinion issued only by a qualified jurist (Mufti) on a request by someone who is unable to understand religious guidelines whereas the leaflet that is being circulated and presented as Fatwa is just a hard copy of an appeal signed by 46 men who believe in religious practices. The merit of appeal can be discussed on many grounds and in many dimensions but first and foremost, an appeal can not be called a legal opinion (Fatwa).  We expect apology from your side for such a mistake
So true this old man is funded by rss and bjp
I was in RSS from 1951 to 1957 and was regularly attending sakha. But one incident compalled me to leave this oganisation.
I am not rich! I haven't made 122 crs. The day I earn that much..I will!
This is whatever is done is reply. So u must say in public !
Anil, Modi will help to get some deals which you do not deserve to make the revenue regards
this guy is stupied, he donot know whta is speaking, chutia sala behen ka loda
People struggled for over 200 years to get freedom from British. Can't we struggle 2months for th good of our country?
Sonu u too ??
What is this,  you can't even spell our Respected PM's name???  #namo
Modi ji plzz organize a nationwide BURNOL CAMP  after Demonetization nation needs it .... Lol...
This old man has nothing in his mind. He doesn't understand politics in India. Whatever little success he got earlier was because of AK and other. Now try to  agitate for Jonlokpal. BJP will crush you.  Doesn't have courage to stand up and speak against BJP.
Most favoured nation Pakistan ne aaj hi tamacha jada hai, surgical strike ke liye Gujarat election tak intzaar Karo............
Weddings are once in a way functions and the music generally stops by 11 pm or before.  The loudspeakers are used round the year at worship places.
You seem to be an expert in that 😂
Mate, did you make up this stats? This isn't about economy, it's about human right in the country. Tell me one Muslim dominated country where other religions have prospered? In India all religions prospered, we take everyone in not throw them out. BIG DIFFERENCE
Wrong 1 - Bengal riots. Wrong 2 - Gujarat riots. Both are wrong, two wrongs won't make it right. Idiots must stop judging one with another.
Expect ????? Show the bike remoter baad mein start with changing the camera men
U got her wrong...  Killing innocents was also a part of our freedom struggle...  Remember General Dyre did this in Jallianwala Bagh...  So she is justified in saying the ppl who committed the murder were innocent, just like the way General Dyre was, and later the British public showed solidarity towards him..  Everything was a part of the 200 yr long struggle...
Logistics ... the government could have airlifted them from the minting sites!!
National highways and Expressways are Govt top priority area now-a-days but the whole concept of expressway would be thwarted by rapid growth of commercial / industrial and residential construction along the expressways/bypass made to allow traffic move outside the city. Step should be taken by Govt immediately to stop this practice and Law should be framed to stop construction upto 200 meter on both side of the road, all such construction should be demolished.
Your form of secularism promoting killing opponents can't be understood. Stop this non-sense worshiper of Blood (Red).
And you blind Bhakths believe that our EVMs are not tampered with ? You deserve this :D !!
What is all this copy paste?
Give me your account number I will give you.  But first show me the video where modi promised you 15 lakhs.
Saw BAHUBALI 2 .... n yes S S RAJAMOULI is the HERO.....the art of storytelling... each n every character well sketched..... all Indian artistes.... respecting our traditions ......want to see it again n again ...... each frame is like a painting..... RESPECT
So bat think sonu nigam
Now there are quite a few with mediocre students who cannot keep up with the smart ones! Just like IITs in India.
They are cow rahsah,,, not female protector
If cash disbursal was managed then black money could not be removed.
Women all over the world leave their kids at home to go and work, and they don't treat their children like 'puppies.' I wonder if Mira's definition of a good parent applies to her husband as well, since he was out and about promoting Rangoon soon after his child was born.
Yes I read that radhika, but if you read it carefully she has mentioned that Misha is not a puppy that I spend one hour with her and run....what's that remark.....puppy?
Both the persons were drunkened while Vikram driving his car at 4 30 AM....
What anger....may be evil  sick mum kill your self
As terrorist enter via jungle attack army and flew away to pak..same way pak has terrorist batallion named bat...who are known mutiliating body killing like a terrorist. Bat has jihadi people.
LOL Ok. How's that search for King David going? Still can't find him, eh? How many more Palestinian homes will you destroy in your search for a mythical figure?
In every Indian citizens accounts  filled with 15 lakhs   old 500&1000  notes.
To clean the mess ....somebody had to take the broom in hand.... he rightly did that.... I Salute You... Narendra Modi Sir.... Am with you...
Hmare jawano k sath bhut atyachar ho rha h bt sarkar ko koi frk nhi pdta
India has no option gud night have a sweet dreams
Gone case, unbelievable, don't know where he will to the country
In TN poor farmers are drinking their urine... no one is even bothered to resolve their basic issues.... aaj KAL Indian mai show off bahoot hogaya  Cosmetic efforts are being promoting from every were... but genuinely no one is keen about to look at basic issues
Bhajpai ji started samjota express and lahore bus service what we get in returned kargil and Mumbai attacks
Nitish you along with George Fernandez made nda. Sahib just come back your fsmily
i think you watched jurassic park recently ...watch gullivers travel
Kevin Gaskin.  Good luck with suing our Founding Fathers and the U.S. Supreme Court!  It's your ignorance that has you living in our Christian Nation without taking time to educate yourself on the basics of its foundation.
You've got a lot of time to make a comeback to Pakistan because of what Pakistan has done.
Mr sah prince I even know india use to known by golden bird during Muslims rule .. now is India known by cowbell
Lotus is our national flower. I like the lotus very much it doesn't mean I like BJP. What the hell! The people of present India cannot live happily not because they have no reason to be happy, it is because their happiness are eclipsed by some selfish citizens seeking to provide advantages to a party by linking things with party politics. I cannot enjoy 'orange colour' because it is said to be colour of BJP. what are these happening everywhere? Did BJP get copyright on Lotus or Orange colour?
Kerala is one such state where the bhakts on the way to their anti beef protest venue and return eat beef and porotta just to feel full.
Agree with him
I think someone from CNBC hit 'live' on Facebook app by mistake😂😂
Same goes to u son of a pros hahaha
Why should you have to beg for your money, people those who black money do you think they will walk to bank to submit? . Common people effected. Big Big Big failure.
Itu Rathore so much effort taking for your webpage promotion? Or was it a copy paste provided to you? Lol
I strongly suggest Khan sab go to UN n become a laughing stock  Brainless khan
No single person/ company can fund such a huge sum. It means that the producers will form a consortium to borrow funds from the public or the banks which means that you and I being a depositor or a investor will be bearing the credit risk of this project. For one, this can never be successful becoz Mahabharatha is not a novel, it is an epic of the heroic age nor India has a market to make it successful. Dangal's gross is only some 450 cr. Ultimately, we will be the losers
such a talkative, your weapon is talking that world knows!
Some chutiyas have just realized that India is a superpower.. India became a super power well before this chaiwala assumed office.
and finally they will have a bike that will make these songs enjoyable in comparisson....
This is not true media and others are spreading slanderous remarks same rules apply to political parties too
Nifty is down because unofficially India is in recession due to currency ban . December quarter earnings will be down due to this issue
Why don't they rent platforms for residential purpose on leave n license basis....😜😜 They can also set up tents and cottages and provide luxury amenities...
While frustrated Ismail would rather make at least one or two comments on facebook. xDDD
So now again it will continue. Right sir.
Wt well vill c aftr result who made vote of whom k mr bjp aggent of terrirts hahahahah
I don't understand you Muslim people don't live in their own country.. you settle down here are there , out of the crowd ..  And talking about India and Pakistan matter
What a joke.. Faster than airtel hahahaahaah
Y didn't u ignore his tweet instead of making a mess now 🤔 u urself don't follow ur ideas
Sir you disowned  kejriwal  long time ago. So why you are continuously criticising  only Kejriwal.
Sajid AnsariI do not know how many words I have learned from my country, I want to know how much I am doing.Care should make  be Hindu Muslim Sikh Christian
Only our Muslim brothers passing on the negative messages about our PM
its not shame For Pakistan Its A shame for us all the peoples of India Why Government Not Taking a Strict action .....Ho jaye ek baar aar par
true he said,,noise pollution
Oh please get a life....the reason I do not read Indian Express
Inka toh roj ka kaam hai hum kb lenge badla
Indian voters know who can be helpful. Kejriwal spilled more dirt, he should have concentrated more on developments. Jo bolega vohi paayega..
Dynasty politics 😂😂😂
Vinay Khan  thank you my brother. And Try and walk away from that conversation or ignore. It would be nice if people respected you for being a good and compassionate person not what your religion is or is not.
Anna speaks selectively. I am also from maharashtra and also observe his inclinations towards few and hatred towards others
Cows are getting voting rights to
then every institute is overrated, including Ivy colleges.
Communists live in fools' paradise thinking that people will agree with Vijayan' s definition of secularism. He has no religion! Secularism should mean equal importance for all religions.
U need to get matured enough so sad
HA HA HA Who will put him in jail? you should know MLAS even Corpotator are like kings here.
Your past editors are great.you disgust us.without functioning a single day you judge!
Anna hazare has been a RSS agent always...
election tym...bjp mouth piece
No. There should be no burial for h8m
When Aurangzeb can rule India despite being a hard line Islamist, why not Adityanath?
Saroj Gupta : do you have any idea how many people sacrificed selflessly for our independence ?? Please be mature and stop blaming
I was thinking of purchasing a car; could not because of shortage of cash:-)
True. Always They are talking about Indians irrespective of religion, a fatal sign of communalism. Stop them to make our country secular so that we can continue with the minority appeasement politics in the name of secularism.. 👍
Keep your gyan to yourself buddy
Height of hatred😁😁😁we can understand how media finding it difficult to project this result😀😀
Save the cows kill the humans! Save the uppercaste and kill the dalith with kerosene,  Kill all the Muslim's take their mughal language to the Thorne! Kill the Christians tag them converts shits and joins hands with Israel!. Call it Hindustan and break the beauty of unity in diversity ! Cut the tress and enograte new tourist spot! Fighting to stop terrorism By encouraging communal fights inside the country !! By Anita John 👌👌👌
First go and check the spelling of India 😂😂😂😂 (ENDIA) 😂😂😂
Sambit patra ji There is no need to think about these naxalies. Just finish them  #army action
Sourav Roy I'm not trying to defend anybody. I myself is a Law student. And Chandan Sen I'm also following ABP only. It was no where  mentioned about drinking.
i think dp has to change her hair style.. her recent one sucks
Sonu nigam, shows to be ban, bcoz of noise get pollution that he's creating by his shows...
yes same evm gave khujli 67/70 :( this needs to be investigated
Who care about your believe. It's true
Arun Jaitley Sir kindly have a proper implementation programme before making any plans. Seems the govt is in a hurry to do everything at one point of time.
Pak highly truthful nation, didn't accept Kassb was its National,didn't even take back dead bodies of its Kargil dead to disprove its complicity
Zubair khan u r duffer from Porkistan. Even naxalites in India r moozlims.
U can ignore him.. bt Indians can't becoz he's the most recognisable and talented singer in Indian film industry.. and if u aren't aware about that.. then better u keep ur mouth shut..
Muhammad Shiraz Sabir: dude. Try to embrace the truth. It's the congress govt who has done all these. It has divided Hindu Muslim for the last 70 years for their own politics.  So everybody abused Modi as an anti Muslim when he refused to wear a Muslim cap. But see what Modi did after election. He went to mosque and offered his prayer there in some Arab country i guess.
Aap party seats should be zero. Kejriwal is Biggest naatakbaaj in political history
true so we are waiting for indian surgical strike...plz go ahead
D same akshay kr slapped a poor watchman for not treating his son wth respect
Lolz and Donald Trump is going to act on your request. ☺☺☺
Modisir you are doing a great job, ignore apposition and some narrow minded selfish  people.
In Goa and in Manippur, the Congress party is the single largest party, just away from majority.  Therefore, it should have been invited by the Governors to form the Government.  By manipulating the mandate, the BJP is trying to form Government in these states and thereby insulting democracy,.
bjp will win
anna hazare . you should wear black topi with rss dress . you call yourself Gandhian . janlokpal is still not passed in parliament . where is civil society now .
The anti-drug drive launched by the Amarinder Singh government with a promise to eradicate drugs from Punjab in four weeks is turning out to be a repeat of the previous SAD-BJP government’s 2014 crackdown
Put everything in action .. Without expecting anything in return ... Focus on action oriented...
Exploiting sentiments.
The men who are understand about religion he should not be tell about religion.
Wise men don't speak at every conversation they speak at the right time n hit the nail at the right spot.
Win is Win bro..!
According to figures released by the government in June 2016, more than 140,000 people were killed on roads in India in the year 2015.
And yet they claim there shall be no beef ban in north east india, while the sangh ideologue Mr. Bhagwat demands a nationwide ban on beef. Hypocrisy at it's best!. *slow claps*
Is EVMs not tampered here? Rahul pl answer.
Action willbe taken more then 40 to50 will go to jahanum
Madam aap ka dalit card finished now bcoz dalit people also want  vikas naa ki jaativad
Anurag Thakur was not fit to hold the post of BCCI president in first place.Along with Anurag Thakur ,other politicians like Arun Jaitley ,Rajiv Shukla ,Farooq Abdullah  ,sons of Lalu Prasad Yadav and many others should step down from positions they're holding in various State Cricket Boards  and leave the game to be managed by ex- Cricketers and eminent public figures including retd.High Court and Supreme Court Judges.
Ofcourse is every single represetatives duty to protect and trains his community, specially wen attrocities, harrasing,and genocide happen to minorities such as Christians,Muslims and dallit Hindus from upper cast rulers and its affiliate groups
We said sir, once I was also a staunch supporter of AAP and AK but all my hopes are dashed now as they are now behaving like any other party.They should understand that ppl of Delhi gave them such a big majority only because they thought AAp is not like other parties.They should introspect after big defeat in Punjab and Goa and change their way of politics.AK should get rid of idiots like sanjay singh,ashutosh,khetan, pandey as these leaders have no credibility nd cant even win mohalla election on their own.They r the ones spoiling AK's mind.AK should take advice only from Kumar Vishwas because he is the only one in this party who is intelligent,sharp,commands respect everywhere.Even BJP scares of targetting Kumar as they know if he starts speaking,no one has capability to counter him.
Loss of our soldiers is a national loss.The protectors r killed n the killers stand protected.We r worried how far the nation will bear such burden of songs without substance.
If it is to be banned, then it should be banned for all other religions as well. Got it! It should be same for all festivals of all religions and as well as daily bhajan! Do you agree?
Carry out autopsy first. May be killed by cross border fires but Indians were afraid to fetch them in view of Paki fire and animals feasted their flesh..
resone behind growth rat decline is he do garstic changes
This is exactly the problem. Overnight people have become all very aware and gives quick fix solutions to 70 year old problems without taking into consideration the brutality of their solutions on the civilians and the military alike! No wonder why Kashmir will remain a hotspot for years to come!!
Single tax rate PAN India is defeated .GST will become cumulative tax as Fuel + local body taxes + cess are in addition. Overall taxpayers will shell out more tax once GST comes into action   Confused thinking & wrong approach . It will be neither GST nor money bill but additional tax bill will give rise to inflation  Col lamba
Thank you  AAP don't need person like you  You was against corruption or Congress?  Why don't you do anshan now for Lokpal
Wait fr 2 year to decide if it is gud or nt  Or u can feel....that u are samater then IMF n world bank ceo...who support this
Do you know what the Lokpal was supposed to do ? It was basically planned to be a machinery to stop curruption effectively. Well, when did you last hear about curruption from the govt ?  Bhai, agar koi sach much accha kaam kar raha hai to accept karna hi chahiye na ?
Absolutely correct. Has hit the nail on the head
Who wants to compete with a design older than our grandads
The word secular means not religious or spiritual and indian constitution has adopted this concept long back!!Whether the present is secular is anybody's guess!!!
As if UN has no other work. They will not even hear this guy.
Shahzeb Hassan remember 1971 war, when 91000 dumbos surrendered?
did you see it carefully...was it beef or some pigs meat as advised in chapter number 420 ,verse 420😂😂😂😂
Let us now take up BJP files and appoint committees they would not be of small wrong doings like AAP. I do not condone small but they can be corrected and they are not so severe as the inflammatory statement dividing India by various so called leaders of ruling party of country. Not to mention the honesty. If for gains they are willing to undermine idea of India and unity, for them corruption would be a cake.
Kum se kum unshaeed jawano ke pariwar ki laaj rakhiya insaf kijiye ghus kar mariye janta ne aap pe is baar pura vishwas kiya  ek soldier shaheed matlab ek parivar ki khushiya kuch kariye nhi toh hum aam logo ko gun dedijiye hum sab khud nipat lenge bharat ma ke liye jaan hazir hai
what the ""F"" ....y he touching his feet....India is decomcratic republic which believe politicians are servants of the Common people.... But here .... Really disappointed :/
Indianexpress seems to be Anti National and a Pakistani Newspaper
Azam Khan, u should know that ur Congress friend Mallikarjun Kharge had referred to BJP leaders as dogs in LokSabha. Modi did not use such remarks at all.
When our elected legislators disobey laws, how will their followers act otherwise
Thank you very much for your kindness to update me about it. I wish you would know that I am equally connected to the media as you are. I wish to let you know that do not come to me with ur beef n pork arguments. When some ask why not beef, a set of people would answer why not pork! Hope I am clear to you.
Mr. Jacob seems to be so upset. Look at his face. Lol
I can't believe he has to defend the decision of fighting against black money
Hey why don't you choose dog Vijay Singh then you don't have to worry about any Govt as you won't have any
Sick of such incidents.
Who is responsible for 104 people died in the Que
Very soon BJP will lose all the elections. India will be peaceful again.
Bjp. .a darkness chapter of our holy land
Nikhil Kashyap we don't have cowbell moving on the streets 😂😂😂😂😂 don't forget India known by taj Mahal who was build by turkish many historic heritage build by Turkish in India during mughal regime..😂😂😂😂 what have you build for your country cowbell ? and ugly 😂😂😂statue for worship
I suggest don't answer to anyone opposing Modi.. they have come to a stage where they will criticise anything that he does, I m waiting for the day when modi will say  that fresh air is good for health and people will start opposing it and stop taking fresh air..
Indian men dont need to lure a girl, all they have to do is flash some moneeeeyyyyyy.lol
WITH A PROPER EXPLANATION Ie  HOW SUCH HUGE CASH HE CAME TO STORE AT HOME, THE SOURCE, WHY THE SUDDEN SURGE OF HUGE HUGE DISPROPORTIONATE INCOME ? If he had VAILD EXPLANATION and REASONS NOTHING ON EARTH WOULD HAVE STOPPED HIM. BUT THIS IS NOT SO THE CASE HERE any one can say with CONFIDENCE! And OPPOSITION/ RAHUL KEEPS SHOUTING BLACK CASH PEOPLE ARE GOING SCOT FREE!! HA HA HA!
Anna ji where is lokpal? According to u, now corruption level is ZERO  and no need of lokpal. Bas kro Anna ji bahut hogaya, apna health ka khayal rakhna.
I am with #Sonu
Actual they wants to join BJP for MLA and MP
So now you'll raise question if someone is practicing his religion. What an irony indeed,Maulana Sahab😃😃😈😈
If u have someone in ur mind as bheema.. Plz mention... Let me know...
Thw worst is yet to come
His speeches show the situation is out of his control!! & he has no clue what move to make next!
And by the way name any Christian country which harms the animals?  What kinda retard logic you come up with ? We basically protect animals and birds cos it's all God's creation  It's our responsibility to protect them  And y'all people just play the hypocrisy  But in reality you guys won't even keep a cup of water outside the house so that atleast the birds can drink it
Mohammad Javeed I completely agree with you Javeed Bhai.. so many people  sacrificed their lives to get freedom to our country, if those people had stopped fighting because so many people were dying, we would not be what we are now. These people too can be ranked so, I pay respects for them and I hope no more deaths will happen due to this decision. Their efforts will certainly bring fruits for our future generation without any deviation.
Haha top of everything is constitution? Yes madam so true! Now let's follow Indian constitution one rule for all? Y sperate set of rules for Muslims n they practise only that?
Giving it time may again paralyse it's effect sudden move required
Just ANSWER these seriese wise ;as are asked🙂  If; Kashmir is integral part of India..!!😂😂  Q1: Then why The people of KASHMIR are on the roads,, pelting stones toward Indian coward Soldiers,,?  Q2: Why Riots against india,,?  Q3: Why these protest,,?  Q4: why raising and waving of PAKISTANI PARCHAM..?  Q5:Why Anti_India Slogans like ""India Murdabad"",,,"" Go Indian Dogs Go back""..?  Q6: Why they consider 15 August as their BLACK DAY..? If according to india,,Kashmir is INTEGRAL TO ITS STATE.                             ---And if--  Balochistan is not Integral part of Pakistan or Does'nt want to go along with pakistan   Then  Q1: why the people of BALOCHISTAN are not coming on the roads..?  Q:2 Why they are not pelting stones toward Pakistani police or ARMY..?  Q3:Why not even peacefull protest ahead to press clubs or media centere..?  Q4: Why Raising and waving of PAKISTANI FLAG in Balochistan if Balochs are unpatriotic or they are Tortured,,Raped,,Arrested etc by PAK police or ARMY..?  Q5: Why they celebrate 🎉 14 August,,and 23 March very splendidly with their custom dresses and with their children,,Painted Pak PARCHAM on Thier cheeks and hands..?  Hey Indians..!! If you really have gutts to reply.. Then put answers by its sequence, , ,Except abusing; with acceptable reionales. As DID i.. Did'nt went to any History,,,,,any Event or inccident,,, you just simply anwer it. Waiting......................
Why are they called Maoists, why not vigilante. Is vigilante only for far RSS goons.
Another nail by BJP on eating habits,as he f all them BJP do not eat or drink
Lol..!! Crooks appear and disappear overnight!! This is called fly by robbery!!
Is  Digvijaya is Indian or Pakistani. Always he talks rubbish
May be China is also involve in terrorism
First let him fix the money crisis!.... After that we will think about 2022!!!!
disclosure of 500 1000 note will may be touch 25 lakh crore  coz of reuse spoil money by Congress.
Lolest reveal... I thought a big bike will come.. looks like a rat.. no comparison with Enfield
Can anyone say with conviction the benefits of using loudspeakers  in the name of religion -Hinduism,Islam or any other- which on the other hand does harass and hassle others?
Cowards criticize
AAPtards
People who are talking about inconvenience please use debit and credit cards and also cheques. Yes it's inconvenient but something like this will always be. So support this instead of condemning it
It's  ture.pakistan  army  made mistake  in Bangladesh. They killed Bangladeshis  1971 war.we accept  the ture thing's.
The moment he is questioned on anything.... he simply looses his cool and start his election speech.... 　 .... He didnt have any proper answers to substantiate his tall claims about #Demonetization so he has to say something inside the house..... I think he must be given every chance to speak within parliament which will expose him more n more....
Of course it very citizens responsibility....but why don't the government bring GO's to abolish plastic bags and organise garbage vehicles to pick up dry and wet waste separately and dump the garbage in a proper way...PM sir...you are the man of the country and you have the power...speeches are good but let us see some action...you have also introduced.5% swatch Bharath tax...!!!
Kejriwal is the racing horse
It is Shocking it happened in Kerala ,The Most Educated State in India.
Why Anna Hazare not criticising so many issues created by BJP govt including not appointing the Lokpal, communal riots of Hindutwa activists including killings of weaker sections . All his present activities seems to be promoting BJP. We can't trust him any more.
We all r with u Sir.. but may I know who is suffering  now..
Asking proof is antinational activity,  So be careful,,  😂😂😂😂😂
haha u ENDIAN know judiciary mean?
He is an extra constitutional authority in the country these days.He only has powers without responsibilities.Why should he give up his special position to become mere rubber stamp of the central government.?
This post by Quora is a superb example of ""share bait"" on FB. Quora has a great SMM team indeed. Gud luck guys!👍
What the ***** were police doing, just watched
Satnam Singh- farmers are drying in Maharashtra ?  And do you want to say farmers were happy in Maharashtra before Modi was elected ??  Yaar suna to that sardar joke acche karte hai... Aaj saamne dekh bhi liya.. I am from Maharashtra and i know that farmers are being treated much much better these days... BTW if Anna is RSS agent then whose agent are you ?????
Haha good joke
Jonelle Jones what are the up to over in Kuwait 😕
Can we expect rally in infy and tcs along with Wipro tomorrow
Modi ji .you ask to RBI how  much currency disti
Are Indian express walo kya aap ne yah Anna ne shunglu commity ki report padhi hai? Agar haan to batao aap ko kahahn se mili. Ya vijendar gupta ke bhonpoo bane hue ho.
You deserve meat of dog
What if after taking money from bank and you are looted by criminal on gun point, still will Govt reimburse .... don't  spread such foolish thought
Even Modi forgot about swach bharat campaign . Now Swatch Bharath name is only while ordering food from hotel where they charge swatch bharath cess
He knows he has done a blunder . Can see on his face
Modi or BJP doesn't need to speak on Tripple Talaq...there are requirement of women that has to be taken care for their development and self dependant....modi jee..if I really want to do something.. .then do something to construct their future otherwise leave to distruct their personal life....just think
What about the other religions?  I am sure India doesn't only comprises Hindus and Sikhs. You forgot Christians and Muslims.
Talking about equality. I think she can debate with herself on her statements. 😂😂😂  Also it's not just about being lucky or not. Ofcourse that can be one of the possibilities. However,  there are ample of women in this world who are lucky/privileged enough to sit at home and stay with their kids. And they choose to be still Working Moms. This is because they were raised to be independent and are raising their kids to be the same.   They are neither running away from their kids nor neglecting them. They just want them to be the best at every situation be it lucky or not.  So, be proud all you Working Moms. You are creating a better world for you and for me and the entire world. :)
Boys and girls of INDIA ...leave this poor guy  alone..they have only one trait ""traitorship"" they are born of denial...so there is no need to be in communication with them..the world ignores them..they are isolated in SAARC..they are isolated..we all know animals know that a calamity is on its way to strike so they get very fizzy and lose consciousness and starts flappering  ..same is the case here..
go back simon ....here we are waiting for pyar deal
Burnol no stock sorry try next month.
what abt my right as a general
I think ""deshdrohi"" is a new English word of nomo dictionary 😃😃😃
Don't buy the booth bike ,you to will become booth
He lost his valable respect
mazhab pe ku jate ho ...himat hai to kuch kr k dikhavooo....
What abt the other who have prblm what they will do before taking decision must give notice before a week such an foolish decision by modi
Fake degree to fake GDP by feku modi
He does so much homework before the speech unlike congress people who does only dictation of what is written
Speaking in lok sabha will be followed by anonymous voting and he's feared that the descent in his party will reflect in the votes leading to dent his image for the upcoming elections.
and what about Kashmiri Pandits 🤔🤔🤔. why didn't they take up guns🤔
An opera launch for a bike trying to compete with royal Enfield. This only makes sense if there are investors in the audience 😂 #stupidity
Actually right  communist is not Indian , our few  , this party is chinis sarvent
Dear friend not one not two but there are temples everywhere in kashmir. They are all safe !!!
No game plan on root level to make a healthy system. It's hard to understand how these guys can do whatever being told.
those who  are eating Beef or buffalo meet ask dem once are they really Hindu a true hindu man would nver touch beef like a muslim who nver touch pork so every religion has some boundation some follow it some not so plzz don't comment on whole communtiy dats not correct!
Theeya Hindus of BJP and CPIM are killing each other to protect their upper caste/Nair leaders. Why bring Muslims into it you hatemingering moron.
I am watching carefully to all the parties, they are all attacking BJP but not for the work Bjp has done, they are attacking BJP only on nonsense issue like Dadri where the Central government doesn't have any role. It's means Modi government is working good in Center.
If u cAn't change any things and even don't want to support a person who work for change so u don't have any rights to comment anything wrong :I support  change I support my PM
The moment GurMehar took her Martyred Army Father's name to publicize her support for separatism, it can no more be counted as just her personal opinion.  If she had made that statement without taking refuge in martyrdom of her father then only it could have been treated as a personal opinion.  As of now her statement implies that her Ex-Army father and even many in Indian Army too would have been in support of her statement.
Bt he only gave speech again...no proper answer!
Try to enjoy Azaan or shift smwhere else bt Azaan cannt b stopped.
Pahle ye neta jo h enko soot karege tab ye nid se jagege
what's communal here bro?? are nt we living in a democracy to speak ?
Its time now to deal Pakistan firmly..MFN (Most favoured nation)  status to Pakistan be immediately withdrawn apart from other strategic actions....
राजनाथ सिंह जी ने पाकिस्तान पर कड़ी निन्दा की मिसाइल छोड़ दी है बस कुछ ही पलो मे पाकिस्तान नेस्तनाबूद हो जायेगा ।
.better bjp marry all cows...!!!
2 Indian soldiers are enough for your 10 if a surgical strike happened dear...
This what we experience Yogi's 'Uttam Pradesh' !
Love jihad in india only for poor people
Common people are suffering Yaar, Look at the incidents we need good planning and structure for making any scheme in India
Rajbeer Singh: Dude are you serious..??? In what sense she was right..?? what was her motive to show those Placards..?? His father gave his life to save the country in a war.. In the same was Captain Saurabh Kalia was arrested by love our peaceful neighbor but the way he was killed shows how much only wars affect any country but not the other country involved... Dude even we too have captured Pakistanis during the war but never gave them what we got from them. Remember 96K Bangladeshi soldier's surrender..?? They never died such horrific death...   Going against the country is now the latest and the fastest route to come into the Limelight. Ask the survivors of the martyr soldiers about how much they love our neighbor.. Are we so blind that we can't see what kind of politics these people are doing in the country..?? Being in the opposition doesn't mean to oppose everything of the ruling party to that extent which makes you anti-national...   Yeah.. I am not with any party's IT cell to promote them... These are my personal views on the liberals and young leaders like Hardik Patel Kanhaiya Kumar etc who are showing a brilliant way of success to the youth which will enlighten their path for the future of the country.. Doesn't matter its bright or dark...
Perhaps AAP could field Ghuggi or Bhagwant Mann here...
The only problem govt facing from the opposition now, is queues in bank and 100 rs. shortage in atms. this can be easily solved. order all banks, on warfoot measure to install POS machines in all milk booths, govt provisional stores, petrol bunks buses and trains and all other retail outlets. popularise with tv advts of pay tms and sbi buddy and all other fund transfer modes. remember millions and millions of debit cards remain idle with the public, and they are not only for withdrawing cash from atm. if these are applied simaltaneously, the situation will ease very quickly. Take steps today itself and very important thing is make the public aware these steps are being taken at a rapid pace and things will become normal very soon. At least if these measures are successful in metros and urbans, there will be plenty of availablity of cash notes which can be sent to rural areas. all depends how fast you act making the public aware govt is solving the problem
This is a propaganda of india just to divert the killings of kashmiris by hindu army and also killing of muslims In india by bjp thugs.this all to show turkey a pakistan brother that Indians r innocent
When our own President appreciating the work done by the present Government, Opposition parties seems not interested at all... They shouldn't be like the #IndianCrabs .
Abe what liar what fake he is a genius man
Is it really a fight against Blackmoney? If it is then why exemption for political parties which are the big offenders.How much has been recovered from Swiss and other F.Banks? What action is being taken against those named in Panama papers?will trust you if a few of the offenders are punished.Will your party contest elections without accepting funds from Blackmoney holders ?
U were right one more time .by not joining Jihadi Didis campaign in Delhi .
Can the tax exemption to political parties be explained in detail?
What has he done for hospitals unemployment and reservations and middle class can anyone explain please?
Islam does not allow smoking and drinking. Why Shahrukh is not following Islam?
How long u keep on giving subsidy? The cost price has 2 b recovered.
bloody rss filthy agent !
AK is a daring person who always has learnt from his mistakes,he has the guts to apologise and win his supporters back even after immense bitterness,this is his charm,what he endorsed was logical no matter from whosoever it comes....lets see if any of bjps big guns has heart to endorse this!
Let anti nationals and antisocial s who oppose this are dealt severely
Lame duck prime minister of a lame duck government, and was just a rubber stamp, neither he nor his party could take any wise decision for the progress of our country, but corruption was at its peak during their regime.  Now when someone is taking some hard core decisions, they are not able to digest it and trying to make a mockery of politics.  As far as degrees and diplomas are concerned, one doesn't need them to run the nation honestly and wholeheartedly with so many intellectuals around to do the work...
why don't you speak in parliament...why do you bubk parliament..??
Prime sevak of Gandhi family spoke for Gandhi family again
ALTHOUGH PRIVATE INSTITUTION/FOREIGN UNIVERSITY REACH OUT FOR IIT PHD FOR TEACHING. GOVERNMENT UNIVERSITY ABSTAIN FROM THIS & REMAIN HAPPY WITH THEIR SUBSTANDARD FACULTY. IT IS TRUE CENT PERCENT FOR ENGINEERING FACULTY AND HALF TRUE FOR SCIENCE.
In INDIA these hate crime is there.Do not blame President Trump.Such incidents happened in the previous Presidents rule too happenedr.When someone ask such questions to any Indian staying in USA,just answer politely&move away.After all we are all staying out of our mother land.a motheris a mother& a step mother is a step mother.Please be careful.
Almost all these so-called Secular Intellectuals are with a deep desire to clothe their level of scholarship with half-truths only
She does not need to work with him as the standard does not match :)
hey why ur TV anchor Latha is so perturbed, This win of trump is very good for india
This on line transections shall be applicable 100% for political parties.
Looks more like a movie launch then a bike launch!
Usama Fahad ... People like U working ovet abroad for some oyher nation,  cant speak abt dvelopment of origin state
It's smart move of Kumar but well said. What we as common ppl of nation are doing..Are we too timid Nd cowards ? Yes We are. And we fight among ourselves. Look at USA. Ankh uthakar mere desh ya desh vasiyonko dekha nich lenge
Should find a pond nearby!!! Rest understood!
Situation is equally bad in Tamil Nadu.... there are illegal beef stalls where cows are.slaughtered all over the state including the capital.city Chennai
Give the man credit for speaking his mind. Loudspeakers should be banned no matter the place. It's a nuisance and hurts old people, animals, children and all human beings. Religion and faith is personal & private and doesn't need loud advertisement
The committy rates have gone up and rupee has no value.  Still old currencies are huge with politians and corporates.No foreign policies.  Pak killing our Jawans daily and we are helpless.  We are total failure under BJP rule.
Why is he speaking only in BJP parliamentary meet .......are we not eligible to hear his speech as a citizen of india
Coz he preaches a different religion but this doesn't stop him from being affectionate towards Muslims. You never raised the same question when Akhilesh Yadav did not do the same.
Babies sleep at night lol . nice tagline. Better than RS200 tagline
That's how it should be 👍 Development and progress of india is unstoppable.. Modi is on the job.  'Indian Express', if you want become 'pak express'. Don't try to mess up with Modi. 😬
Another substandard dialogue for bhakths!
The people who are depositing amount in the bank are black money holders and the deposited money is black money
Very pity to hear a prime ministers speech..... even a single sentence is not having a sense..... only mouth to mouth dialogue he knows..... only he knows to talk some psychological speech which give some spirit in mind nothing else.....
Visit chennai once , no electricity from last Monday , yesterday evening got power in some area , no ATMS working due to poor network ,swipe machine also not working , then we could make digital india with this kind of situations , if we speak people's say anti terror, when truth comes also nobody will understand
The main person who raised voice against black money.  Now he is no more in the news.everybody forgotten him
If smriti irani can offer bangles to Manmohan for that tragic attack, Yes I have the right to offer Modi bangles and even Bra😂😂😂😂.
How can be BJP and Aap at the same time?  There was corruption only during Congress rule? Where is Mr.  Hazare now?
Razi Ashraf We expect the next new story from secularists that the US President is an RSS sponsored candidate.Great.
These AAPtards will now abuse Anna.
There so much MILITARY spending everywhere why INDIAN Military stocks not moving?
I know his songs (shitt) are downgrading nowadays and he wants to grab peoples attention and now using the these bitter words to create a mess among the people. I hope people have to be strong to avoid this Sonu Nigam's Shiittttt coming out from his mouth. Never divide.👍
Political parties are going to decide everything for us now days.... 😡😡
Insane guys.. goons shuld be punished
@Syed: Did Anna alone did all the drama? Was Kejrijoker not with Anna? So why doesn't Kejrijoker does what you want Anna to do as Kejrijoker is in power?
Burnol plz
BTW Yogi asking for the rape of dead Muslim women is a lie..A lie propagated By the media.it was some fringe element gathering and the Media tagged it as Yogi saying it.
Pak army is professional army can not violate, even indian army against
who is she? farah? kaun janta hai inhe? ..
being responsible is what required from congress...bjp should be unbiased in its approach
Accident me Wife  ki death hue Aman mani accident me Bach gaye to accused go gaye he has facing trail
And you wouldn't have respected your mother had she not been working ? What has work got to do with giving respect ? All mothers are the best in the eyes of their children, and each has given up a lot to raise them, working or non working.
Vijayan should ashamed of himself as I have never seen such a hypocrite CM. He belongs to a party which has the dirtiest record killing of millions of people around the globe. Stalin,Mao and their other ruler were more ruthless than Hitler.
Congress gives trigger to Modi turning gun towards themselves then provokes him- result we have seen ""Dogs"" loyality parampara
Post of pramit chatterji SHARED When the corruption keeps happening in broad daylight, nobody panics because it is part of the plan and part of the system. One move against it, and everybody loses their minds.
Stricken the law and improve the life standards for common man
Govt policies implemented by civil servants and yet they are the ones most corrupt. So how can Modiji policies succeed? EG Bank managers taking a cut and converting black money to new notes by crores. No wonder there is no new notes for general public
chinese leaders are using Veto tp protect terrorist in pakistan ? liars.
where is the road ? ....finance minister is travelling on congress roads ? .....
Is any soldier has taken name of our PM? If no, How this print media uses these words?
news falls in the category of special effects -oscar nominated news
I have a problem with any religions which forces me to be a part of it. So yeah I support him I'm this issue wholeheartedly.
Pak agens
That's for sure I can put my Shirt on the horse
But Mohammad M Raza what i am saying they should have not responded at this.
Ok we agree that not Appointing Lokpal is mistake and please dont bring cow to every issue It is the same Supreme court that has asked the Central Governement Abt the ideas it has to protect all the cattle goverenment suggested AADHAAR (being unique Identity)  If u have a better idea file A PIL in Supreme Court and let supreme court suggest the GOV your method so that it can follow (Y)
Mohamed Sakhir Carry on with such fake secular stories. We also read in newspapers and TV channels by way of censoring secular violences and not reporting and debating.If it makes you happy, then nothing more to comment about.
Can TV reporter impute knowlege of case against him to CM?Can CM is omnipotent to know any person sharing dias what is he and even his name.TV channels are with such news to blame any CM,PM this is there regular business
Why some people are against to every step of Modi may be they are having black money
Is he Khan ? If not than no need to worries.
So much respect for this father.   Kill those who spread enmity and hatred in society.
Pretty zinta is a real woman and doesn't belong to the gang of dumb beauties of Bollywood ...Respect !
Women, nowadays, suffer from extreme anger. Modernism would take away the old traditional motherhood very soon... and it is quite evident in many instances with both knowns and unknowns.
This news is completely false and baseless....There is nothing official from Kuwait
How could they do it? Did they come within Indian Border or Indian forces went there ?
Wakeup call for BJP, don't give importance to corrupt Congi  leaders !!
She is because in this advt because other celebs dont endorse its all about image her image is like that only :)
Stick to singing.
Turning radius of Bajaj bikes is just like Ashok Leyland
GST digital control rights are eyed by US republicans. If India is independent then why should we pay money to US politicians even after David Headley were sent to attack India during 26/11. If there are no more roads needed today, then why should we increase taxation. GST is total corruption aimed at crippling the stagflation economy.
seriously man.. these guys report like their newspaper belong to some other country.
our railway minister is a CA, Delhi CM is an engineer. for the failures of railways you blame the minister (and not the CA) and for the failure of Delhi to prosper you blame the CM (not the engineer). similarly a CMO might be a doctor but he is on an administrative post. Hope it helps. sorry i wont come down to your level. ""When you fight with a pig you both get dirty, but the pig actually likes playing in the mud""
Neha Singh I am not Abhilaashee of any certificate, I made a simple point that person writing this is suffering from a bias and cannot be taken as ""neutral"".... as far as ""Googling"" anything is concerned... Google itself is not Credible source..it only throws out the result based on what is available on internet... there are lot of troll websites making numerous claims and counter claims... so until I know what is ""source"" of information, I can't comment on it..
This is a sad day Sikhs should not over react to this incident and play in the hands of indian goverment. This is the Same country who DENIED them justice for 1984 Sikh genocide, and gave thEm WIDOW colony in the heart of independent india Delhi. A gift for all their sacrifices. The weak people of this country are only good at giving their girls to produce more TAIMUR proudly. As long india keep promoting face of i on Indian currency and not the real hero BAGHAT SINGH this nation will slowly parish. STOP PROMOTING WEAK BRITISH AGENT i TO KIDS.
Ehy he hasn't spoken on riots on UP and Bengal......
Need to get reality check too...look around...vision is good but should be combined ground work!
Udhav has not much on his cards... Lost his charm
Salman Madarasi The problem is that just like quran is holy to u in the same way a cow is holy to me. So if u have ​the right to kill my beliefs why don't i have the same right?
Is this the standards of journalism Indian Express practices now..... ????
At least some one raised his voice over this. Anyone an pray , but using loudspeaker and for everyday 4time. That is not just acceptable .
Then why BjP opposed when congress proposed in 2014 same thing... All double standards
Most Fenku PM. None of election promise fulfilled. Better go and sell chai now
New drama? They are not happy with the freebies they received it seems.
first seize all guns from north India.
Anna Hazare is playing to the tunes of BJP. He is silent about all the wrong doings of BJP. There may be some problems in the rule of Kejriwal, maybe he is a sort of authoritarian, but with his limited powers, he has implemented lot of welfare measures. We shouldn't ignore that. While the BJP on the other hand is undoing India. They are killing the social fabric and a man like Anna Hazare is maintaining a dreadful silence. The attack against Africans, dalits, minorities in the name of beef, where were Anna then?
Go to Kerala  and west bengal and see the situation of Hindu people where CPI ruling . people of India already decided who is terrorist party that's why bjp won everywhere in India .and send photos of rally where 3500 people attend the rally...in manglore
They gave him a fiery short cut to Ja🔫🔫at, where 72 hijda hoores and Ham Lover Ma-HAM-Mad are waiting eagerly  👉👉👉
Paid media trying to creat a rift in the AAP party but no logical citizen is buying it
First Time, in history, GDP of a Country been Photoshoped.   7.01% is not at all realistic. You manipulated data,  Give every Harwad, economist a free hand to check the truth.  It must be 5.01% GDP if actually studied.  Hard work of BJP to manipulate economic data is awesome.
Naidu also claimed the BJP government is moving forward with a holistic approach where citizens are also being involved in initiatives aimed at their betterment.
Vvvvvvv miss planed  move.  More loss to  nation business then the black money pm  Modi  talk about.
It's all hog wash rich are getting richer n poor are getting poorer and the middle class are hung
Indian Express you are making it viral like you made Cheep Thrills !!
No body supports JNU Najib's Mother that much than they support Nahid Afrin against Islam Sharia
Then take permission before doing all this crap on streets.
Why should they not cry...???
Can't compare Trump's America and Modi's India beyond a point.   There, murderers end up as convicted prisoners.   Here, they end up as glorified politicians.
I protest against such underthoughts acts. I cant keep in home i will hv 2 pay to withdraw... Wat?
shut up .........you cannot be  a dragon warrior  with out left right center-ndtv
It's not correct bro. 1- Not every IITians get hefty packaged offers from US or other big country. Those who get are very few. Really very few. So most of the IITians are in India. 2- In that few too there are few who have rejected those offers. 3- I don't know where these subsidies are going. I pay approx 3 lakhs per annum as fees but still don't find that level of facilities.
Lol.kejriwal dude you already won, our taxes went for him XD.
Pork is available in plenty of shops here. Nobody cares. Those who are concerned too much about pork can have it at cheap rates. No dietary Nazis are allowed here.
Vemula Karthik we Hindus here eat beef and beef is mostly not from cows. So what is with you people and beef? And we dont start thinking about religion for each and every trivial issue like what to eat. It's only been coming up recently. Parties like iuml and bjp trying to incite communal violence as they see no other way to destabilize Kerala. But they haven't had much luck yet.
Ur at the top of the pyramid. But  a u go down u will see lot of corruption.ur bureaucracy has failed u. It's a disastrous blunderbuss decision.m May God help u modiji
y dont govt form a special force to target existing naxalites group in diff areas n kill them .....
Gupta G... Don't look injustice for women from  one angle and I'm not here to support triple talaq.        You say, is alcohol ruining the families or not???
Whichever party comes to power in Punjab, the centre won't let it function. Only bjp will get support from the centre. Delhi has been neglected due to this
Sanjiv, use burnol Son. And have beef tikka then
From his own state gujrat he will be wiped off
Need to improve the market outlook analysis.... How fast you people turn bullish and bearish....!!!  A 100 point rally in nifty or a correction would change your whole perspective.... Pls be a little more responsible in this.... I don't find except SPT no one else worth listening in your analysts panel....!!!!
Even after many price hike, operational efficiency is poor. That's correlate with Minister efficiency. And we will talk about bullet train, flying train etc ...
A moment of silence for all those who think they can ban beef here... Have you heard of porotta and beef?? It's sort of a staple delicacy here. And for those who see their mother when they look at a cow , which of the 4 stomachs did u guys come from??
Yes of course! Unless he/she is passionate, it's all about the brand.
From he will fetch the votes to become MP.Making fools to all.
plse focus on politions& hawala holders & big companies, comman man is always haopy
you were not supposed to say that Mr.singh.. At least you should learn that what could you have done to make India out of curroption just like you saved us in 1991 Bop crisis..
And whom do these policemen share the spoils with ? Donald Trump? Or Justin Bieber?
Don't mislead people..... I hate I have voted for you......
Chetan Girase  tumhara media fake news say tum ko pagel bnata rhta hay.fool blochistan may india ko gali thi jati haay
If this CM cross the law he must be in jail
Why Gula ,of family, is not involved
Saurabh Shinde wht does that mean at least he should ist confermed wht the reality is .......
Pakistan is a terrorist country everyone knew  then  why  Entire do  not  get  united against it and  blot the  name of terrorist.
Wrong decision..... this rules only for poor people and reach people's are always rock
Ager daud balast na karwata toh shivsena muslmano ko jine nahi deti
I doubt they are here to announce that they won't launch the Bajaj Dominar, with such depressing event.
Tamil Nadu in particular has a disproportionate number of illiterate people. What will people do when the opposition party is even worse. Kerala on the other hand has changed dramatically. Incidence of corruption is at it's minimum now.
Yes wat abt baloch, Sindh, and killings of afghanis and pashtuns? stfu bikhari
That Jan Lokpal has been dumped by Kejriwal
Great PM Ji  We also need  1 Simple Taxation Laws 2 Full time Electricity  3 High Speed Internet  4 Honest Government & Bank officials
Why she is shouting man ? Whats with Gospel Gothic Opera ?
Terrorist deserve this, his father proved
Thanks SBS for showing high points ,all people excited to see serial's
People who believe that modi is innocent because he got a clean chit from the court are the same people who abuse salman and call him a murderer even thought he too got a clean chit
Haha are you the chairman of the upsc civil service examination board???  How do you say that she is not fit to be the ips?
Indian army killed them..sometime sacrificed..they are not sleeping...they are defending the nation
If stay in country then will know the reality: http://indianexpress.com/article/india/4-odisha-police-personnel-killed-in-maoist-landmine-blast-4502886/
Arent they old pathological liers.. huge power consolidation with naeaz going on, n recent visit of jindal to nawazs home irked der army on d possibility of back channel talks
No work nor inclination to improve his constitution. Hence wastes time.
he also ridiculed center govt. of being unable to counter Pakistan and bring back our own spy, blames center of giving special trade positions to Pak. Did Indian express only saw half of the video ya fir BJP naamak chasma laga ke dekha video?
http://m.khaleejtimes.com/region/kuwait/Pakistanis-are-welcome-in-Kuwait,-says-ambassador-  Indians can be fooled easily 😂😂
Ramachandra Guha the twisted marxist goon has taken over BCCI. No wonder Sehwag has bowed down.
This old man will be next year's highest civilian award winner for bringing bjp to power.
You have to plead with Trump to make this as law for Muslims.
Ministry should reduce their expenses
Awesome analysis dude. I salute to your small brain. Anyway what do you smoke when making such a comment!?
The type that's beyond you
And should clean bjp out of govt too😂
Moni Singh If a woman has a choice to not work outside so be it. She then can decide whether to work outside or work at home. And how is working at home not a job ? And anyway she spoke only for herself, not for the world. Then why is everyone offended? And why is it necessary to have social validations to prove your identity ? Isn't being a good human being an identity. True equality will come the day when both stay at home moms and DADS are given equal respect as working men and women.
bro my phone has inbuilt speed meter
INDIA KEVL NINDA HI KRE GA OR WO PAK K NAMARD HUME MARTE RHENGE😈😈😈😈😈
Guard of Honour will be given to jadhev at DELHI'S Airport😉
This is pathetic decision, I feel BJP government is acting against the common Public. The decisions Govt is taking has to be perfect and it should not boomerang on Govt.  Firstly BJP Govt first decision on Demonization has failed in collecting the Black Money from Market and even there is cash crunch in market. If BJP government will take such haphazard decision then public will show non-cooperation on each and every action. Timely rethink on haphazard decisions.
Koi na ab inke kinoge time do thoda sara pakistan royega
AK creating ri8 image of BJP and bjp doing reverse of it spreading false propaganda against AAP
How the  Pakistani soldier mutilates an Indian BSF jawan? By entering in to loc? Don't make fool of your nation.
Is he sleeping when congress government is existing and enjoying the corruption money through multiple scams.
Great lady always wants to spend their time with kids and family not with puppies
Survey pe mat jao. Speed competion lagao. Survey ki ad to airtel b krra h :P
Modi why don't you stand in the queue? 29th December is commencing. Be ready with your 'achche din within 50days'.
Maxwell.. if you cant see developments happening then you should just shut
Bolna se kuch nhi Hota..Hme bolne wali sarkar nhi chahiye..Hme kuch krne wali sarkar chhiye
It may appear rude to working mothers, but Mrs. Kapoor is just stating the fact that she is happy that she has the choice of being there for her child everyday. She understands that her love for her child is more important than the peer pressure of the times to get a job to boost one's ego. It may be difficult for the middle class working mothers to do the same, as they are working to supplement her husband's income and thus ensure a decent life for her family and dependents. It is a shame when wives of rich successful men, get jobs through their husband's recommendations and support, performing part-time mother duties. These positions could have been suitably filled by another needy person, man or woman, that could help another family overcome their hardships. Feminism is a joke in such cases.
correct sir.. backward leader consider backward caste as their fixed vote bank and by getting some vote from forward caste they will win their election so if they raised this point which is happened in GATE exam then their politics will be in trouble...and most of our backward  leader are unaware about  gate exam.....
If needed you can find a link between demonitisation and aliens not visiting earth too! Keep amusing us.
Right
It will seriously affect common man and not well thought decision
How do we know, who claims responsibility??? Do they post any video or statement??? If they are so friendly with journalist, doesn't it makes journalist, a terrorist?
If Dalits not pushing science in India , then there could total choas and illogical things will emerge ..like black vs white, women vs men , short vs tall .. eventually will lead to Delhi Sultnate returning to power ..then British ..why to repeat all history again.
Pot calling kettle black!
#paidmedia #presstitute
Why wait till 11 March, why not appoint rulers through News Agents, why waste crores in voting.
Why has he no grudges against others like V K Singh,Kiran Bedi
No, they just hate everything else about them.
Have some tolerance and listen other people also. I have many many stories from the people of such organisations
People's can stand for darshan of God in q four hours, why can't we stand for our India, my country is charging... Plz cooperate.
You cannot survive in politics even for a day. Politics is no child's play, especially in India. One has to play a bit dirty.
He is a accused not a criminal. He is still very much innocent like we all.
Most absurd way of  implementing the system, second most  populous country in the world,  how is the government  addressing  the  cash tender?? Are banks n post  office  enough to  exchange for every single  indian... #marketingmanmodi#nobrains
the idiot addresses his party leaders and gives a lecture but wont face opposition or court and answer. just moaning about the past instead of addressing current woes caused by him and his stupidity that is making the people of the country suffer while making his friends rich. this joker is turning the economy into a lottery game.  He wants to beggar the nation by making everyone a debtor controlled by the system. my india is doomed, a lot of bhakts will fall for this drama.
Dear anna, u have already given greatest gift in the form of AK to this country... now again u have started to hog the limelight... Pls spare us all by disappearing somewhere...
Kinder joy chocolate I know but I don't who is dis another chocolate guy and why newspaper like indian Express covering him ... Must be paid newz ...
By the way where is Lokpal.. Mr Anna..?
He is Prime minister of BJP , PM post for India is still vacant!!  90% of his speech is to tell how bad is congress which most of know by now.
It is quite natural to the politicians because people are responsible for ensuring them that they are not going to change. How many politicians are kept away from contesting. Unless people are changed the system will like this only
without take army any bank vehicle would loot by arabi muslims attacker occupied kashmir
What took them so long? Probably the bill now has provisions that indirectly/inginiously protect  them....
What illness doctor sahab?
You ppl still seem confused about what removed you from government... Was it Anna Hazare / was it Modi wave / was it your own bad behaviour / your curruption / your inability / your daily news of arrogance and curruption OR all above together ????
If cow is our mother, then what will happen to our human mother? Should we just forcefully take the property of our human mother when she is old and evict her from house?
Manipur lady comming to Kerala why don't she welcomed by the politicians here
Few promises of modi in 2012. USA $ at 35 rupee. Huwa k nai. Wadra will be brought to book? Tax rate will be low? GDP @8%? No terrorism from pakistan? 1 crore employment per year?
The strike required on the Vaampanthi Aakaas of these naxalite. i.e. CPM and it's allies. Then only this problem will get solved. Otherwise they will keep on Producing  Traitors like Khalid Umer and Kanahyas !
Syed Shanam Haider i will lodge cyber cell FIR
Some people live only to criticize. It is our mistake that we did not embrace cashless transactions for the past 2 years when we were given all the facilities to do so. If a radical step is not taken today, we will never learn because we don't bother as long as we get our food and jobs. So Modiji, you lead. We don't have the right to complain but to shut up and follow. Today, you have set India as an example for Venezuela, Australia and many more to come. Hoping for a good new year ahead. A different new year..
Muslim living in india are totallly differnt from muslim lving other part of world..!!  They r more sensable and educated..!!!  But one such decisions from old man allow others to think  how indians reacts to terrorism
@yasir you may be also thought in school that you have won 1971 what... I am not surprised... With your knowledge :)
Indian Express is .......... it needs to be........
Rest assured none targets you. You will go down under the weight of your illegal assets.
Those who dosen't belive.... they r all fraud.... and those who belive....can make hindustan change......
Have u read the article, it speaks that due to pay commision the impact will be on railways ..which termed in stad of 16 years.and u without understanding started posting hatred towards central govt , suresh prabhu as it is run my modi....come out of ur hatred annd communal mindset...grow up..high time
Indian Express is a cry baby...They can any extent to oppose BJP....According to them BJP and Hindutvya has every problems...But propaganda media like it, more people are moving towards bjp
Trying to stop beef eating in Kerala ( Somalia) , well keep trying. The somalians will stuff beef in your mouth and kick you out.
Just because, he is not going to do buttering for vote bank like other politicians has done. He is Hindu by religion and leave him, will this so called Maulvi do Hindu pooja? No, so don't say the things you don't follow by yourself.
I would appreciate justin beiber today rather than this performance
""Ladies and gentlemen, family and friends, we are gathered here today to witness and celebrate the joining of -------------and _______________________________ in marriage. With love and commitment, they have decided to live their lives together as husband and wife....................................  cnbc tv 18 is the, above proof is good? ...for the wedding ceremony
India will do surgical strike in media .And ppl will chant modi modi than bjp will elections in West Bengal
Wow..!!Now its time for Assam to face the ire of cow vigilantes..sounds great..!! So ur here to spread hatred amongst communities just for the sake of cows..!
I pity desperation of IE to just malign Modi and now Yogi at any cost.
Hey listen this party is the only party where each and every person have right to say their words. Its not BJP or congress where if somebody comments against their leader will through out of party.....🌹🌹🌹🌹🌹 Another thing brother log tuo modi ji se be bahut kuch puch rehe ha, kya modi ji ne monn warat reakha ha kya. Now EVM, not even a single statement or press conference by any official of EC is released till the date which shows something is happening.......🙏🏻🙏🏻🌹🌹
Anna Hazare jee ab aapke aaram karne ka samay aa gaya hai. Kejriwal jee, Manish Sisodia, Kiran Bedi, Prashant Bhushan etc ke chalte aapka kusch naam hua hai aur log aapko jaanne lage the. Lekin aaj aap aandolan karke dikhayiye, dawe ke saath kahta hoon ki aapke sage sambhandhiyon ko chodkar koi bhi aapke aandolan mein sharik nahi hoga. Natak chodiye. Janta jaan chuki hai ki aap bhi RSS se hain. Aap ko BJP se kitna paisa milta hai jo ki election ke samay hi hamesha bil se bahar nikalte hain aur ek imandar neta Kejriwal jee ka ninda karke chale jaate hain.
evm ka magic
Go India 🇮🇳 don't support from here lol 😂 how's everything
But red  agents r very dangerous not only in India but to the whole world. Better get rid of them like Soviet
Tats sad no mother thinks her baby as puppy but few of them don't have choice to stay at home, every mother tries to be their babies for max time possible. This new law will certainly make mothers more available for their child .
People who died standing in line must have been ill or old. How can it be blamed on him.
Unbelievable! This is worse than the British Raj!  What makes a Neta..who is ""elected"" by us - the people..to lead us..humiliate any one!!  All Airlines should blacklist.  Gunda raj should NOT be tolerated. Doesn't this guy have a family ? Wife? Mother? Kids?  What do they have to say about his ""behavior""??
Yeah..... Of course the country's brightest and best economic advisors aren't enough eh?
Friends, if a Kashmiri Muslim does indeed have no issues with Kashmiri Pandits, then let us pray that we have lakhs more of such Kashmiri Muslims. As far as the loudspeaker usage is concerned let the same law apply to everybody.
Completely true ... Today iit is no more a collage ...its a brand
Yet another lie
Why this man is talking all nonsencse?
Or in other sense, the press may want to show us that all those reserved candidates are not always undeserved. And behind every misdeeds performed by any doctors/engineers, there is not always a reserved candidate. #Justanopinion
Why now media is disclosing these 11000 bills at the peak  of mcd elections....n overall its not paid n under inspection.....
Our prime minister was saying demonitisation must have done in1971 that time inflation was too high due to Bangladesh liberation war and due to drought if demonitisation was done at that time people reeling under inflation might have died if they can't get employment what is happening today the casual labour and farmers are the most affected today allover digitalisation is their but at that time even electricity was a luxury
What about buerocrats ans minsters of all parties including BJP
I agree with Abhishek Jairaj that Hindus needs to have one label that I am Hindu Indian and not Muslim. I feel lets every Hindu try this.
His target achieved
Only intelligent people can understand what our PM has done hats of to you modiji
The bike will have this sound only when it is started..lol
Nowadays children r far better than learning humanity than our pm
Ab kya hua BJP ko Manmohan singh pe aarop lagate the ki kuch bolte hi nahi hai Modi kuch karte hi nahi hai
1 villain can create 1000 hero , 1 hero can create 1000 villain ..which is better ........
Raids were carried out at home of retired army personnel - a colonel, who owns a college in Bareilly. Also in question is the army officer's son, Prashant Bishnoi, who is a national level shooter.😜😜
Is it Leone or the  Ad company making the  advert that is at fault?
She has money therefore she has  choices.
the political parties give the only assurance to the people because we people are innocent but we are work honestly when we understand
No value of Diggi 'S statement ...but anyway why poking his nose in pak affairs ..
She will elephants to all. Idols
http://indianexpress.com/article/india/fatwa-issued-against-reality-singing-star-nahid-afrin-by-42-clerics-4569825/  Dear Indian Express, I feel sorry to write that your journalists are out there to misinterpret events and present them in a distorted manner just to make some sensational headlines. The news about upcoming singer Nahid Afreen has been prepared without proper research and investigation. It was very sad to see that your journalists don't even know the difference between fatwa and appeal.  A fatwa is a non-binding legal opinion issued only by a qualified jurist (Mufti) on a request by someone who is unable to understand religious guidelines whereas the leaflet that is being circulated and presented as Fatwa is just a hard copy of an appeal signed by 46 men who believe in religious practices. The merit of appeal can be discussed on many grounds and in many dimensions but first and foremost, an appeal can not be called a legal opinion (Fatwa).  We expect apology from your side for such a mistake
Sir , great step , very bold step , it is definitely good for country . But planning lapses are there. By this time , liquidity should be there in market .
KUMAR.HOW DARE YOU TO COMNENT ABOUT KUJILI? KUJILI IS THE DIRECT SON OF GOD AND LOK RAKSHK.BUT NOT HINDUS MUSLIMS FOR HIS VOTE BANK.
The solutions kids suggest : Let's kill them and then make them love the country. *Claps*
Anyone who criticises others should tell the solution which feel is best to resolve the problems
She is lucky that she got married to Shahid Kapoor! She got married just after completing her graduation and now she is talking about feminism.
Daanish Ali Sayed some nonsense you keep saying 😶
That is why you are enamoured with donkeys. Like you donkeys cannot think for themselves, but can only follow blindly.
Prithvi Setty ohhhh.....lathi charge is the democracy you are talking about ??.... and you should be from AD4000.....right
Bro 👦we coined a term #presstitutes.
Yea coz BJP govt wants to protect cows instead of humans
Azam khan wants to search his brother inlaw because he wants to marry his sister after tritalak but here we get another situation his sister has left her husband and like new who punish modi.
India will react by not playing cricket with Pakistan or they ll make a bollywood movie against Pakistan in which they will show their army doing surgical strike... lol
He is right. Why do Muslims want to encroach my fundamental rights
Any amount of colouring, the Lotus will remain colorless.
Are you living in India to know the problems, There is absolutely no problem from day 3 here in Udupi Which is a small town. By the way common man does not spend Rs24000/ a week unlike rich NRI like you when you are on vacation.....
If modiji not get support from us then will be back to congress era. This is very crucial period of India
Dnt understand what Mr pm speaking so I'm logging out
Indian Express who u r to decide this...this is not your work
PM sahab clearly said they cant bring lokpal bill, but can bring all anti people finance bill lots of tax and zero transparentcy on political fund
So, Now there is no one to raise voice aganist BJP without fear.
No change of goal digital payment is a by product of fighting black money
BJP please continue with your beef protest in Kerala.. and all of us will get FREE beef biryani every day from cpim :)
Blame it on demonetization. Bajaj cannot show you the bike today guys!!!
What about Kerala Muslim league ?
Publicity stunt
If planned rioters can be CMs & PMs than an MP who has just slapped must not be an issue. The society gets leaders which it deserves. #HinduTaliban
Only people with bjp rss minded are with MODI. NOT ALL INDIANS
Dear Indian Express, I feel sorry to write that your journalists are out there to misinterpret events and present them in a distorted manner just to make some sensational headlines. The news about upcoming singer Nahid Afreen has been prepared without proper research and investigation. It was very sad to see that your journalists don't even know the difference between fatwa and appeal.  A fatwa is a non-binding legal opinion issued only by a qualified jurist (Mufti) on a request by someone who is unable to understand religious guidelines whereas the leaflet that is being circulated and presented as Fatwa is just a hard copy of an appeal signed by 46 men who believe in religious practices. The merit of appeal can be discussed on many grounds and in many dimensions but first and foremost, an appeal can not be called a legal opinion (Fatwa).  We expect apology from your side for such a mistake.  http://indianexpress.com/article/india/fatwa-issued-against-reality-singing-star-nahid-afrin-by-42-clerics-4569825/
Is this the same Vemula who faked he is Dalit and was milking the country, enjoying benefits meant for others?
This post isn't about IIT at all. It's about a student who thought he is going to the right place, only to realise mid-way that he wants his destination changed!! The title and subtitle of the article are misleading. The matter and the title are VERY different. And as Indians aren't good at argumentation anyway, even the readers are discussing the title and not the body of the article!! Lol
Cow vigilanta don't do bomb blast in markets. And we also condemn ATTACK by cow vigilants on any one
Better resign or don't work for people because people voted them,  they selected bigotry representatives so why u worry,  what they want do in that way...
This is really a subject of stupidity , aam Aadmi is the sufferrer , y was 1000 ,100,500, not been launched first n y was it tht 2000 a first launch.,.simple all the black huge some would be saved safeguarded...chai wala thinks he is really brilliant n he is the God for the nation...no one has did nothing in this previous decades. Y Is attacking only Karnataka govt y not other states.......
Indian is Indian ,the USA has no special consideration to any particular religious segment from  India
She says who every is buying Dominar 400cc will have a grave end.....
the goal was black money.... Need 30 days.   Changed to 50 now need more time.  Why till date he is moan. Silent on the deths of poor and innocent Indians in bank lines.  Shame no one is talking of justice for more than 80 deaths.
AS D CASE IS IN D COURT. NOW LET D JUDGE DECIDE WHAT IS TO BE DONE NOW. THAT IS WHY WE HAVE COURTS N POLICE STATIONS TO GIVE JUSTICE TO D CITIZENS OF INDIA. GIVE UR VALID REASON FOR UR TROUBLES N EXCESS MONEY. THEN IF D COURT FINDS IT REASONABLE DEN D POLICE MEN INVOLVED SHOULD BE SACKED FROM HIS JOB AND D POOR MANS MONEY MUST BE EXCHANGED N RESTORED BACK TO HIM.
I disapprove of loud speakers in our churches as well
Suhas Shilker You must have heard or read about scuffles, riots, murders etc when a person from different community objects to loud noise from bhajans. I also experience this constant loudspeaker noise from nearby temple but I have to bear with it to avoid communal tensions.
Modiji break the barns and  feed the poor break mills and cloth the poor and break property builders and give shelter to the poor and open the water lines and give the poor. Money is paper and only makes life miserable
Anna ji where is lokepal bill where is your seculiyarism better you were some other dress not Gandhi topi
Anna Hazare  is a failure. He could neither introduce a Lok Pal Bill, as he wished, nor could produce a political party to counter Congress and BJP. He shouldn't have started any movement and to produce opportunist leaders like Kejriwal and Kiran Bedi who used him.
What an actor, he is:-P may be after 2019 he will be a part of hera pheri 3B-)
Strongly agree to you Sunitha Lakshmanan di!!  I believe working mothers are raising thr children with more confidence, freedom and love!! Definitely homemakers were winners in this race , but today the race and path has been changed!
Child marriage is illegal then Modi's parents and Jashoda's parents should go to jail.
Is this what we were said as achche din? We have been fooled by Modi and his govt. Unite and revolt against this.
#kejriwal was always right in joining politics you just be busy in making your image and be the next gandhi
and by the way, russia is way developed than india. so dont cry salo
And as you're from Kashmir. That's enough you enlightened yourself. -_-
Wait and watch how those fat hands can cause ur throught an delusion
nope it has to pass through centre, they won't allow it
no postmartom before december tax shown recoeds..... no fear to bussines man who is ready to do digitalisation now onwards....
What sort of a justice is this when there is no concern for loss of jobs and loss of revenue ?  Didn't the govt have any advocate  to  represent it  in court? Was the order an ex parte one ?
but anyone can speak against wrong deeds specially when someone disable 90 % of people to get their money from their accounts and eventually disable all middle and lower section people to get basic needs of life including food...... u know what i mean by 90%
What kind of report need high command ? Its simple Gandhi family. Until through out Gandhi family from congress it can't win...
It seems he wants to be in limelight. I will not stop listening to his songs.
My goodness so many bigots
US govt. are not accountable to people of India ... Are they ? .... Rather ask what is the Indian govt going to do to stop hate crimes to Indian on US soil ?
""tough competition for Royal Enfield"" Royal Enfield be like : ""HAHA, that's cute""
Peeps, it's my opinion. If you can't accept it; you could ignore it. I am not here for a war of words.
Vijayan said the RSS is opposed to the idea of secularism.
Think so u have read Quran Anurag Mishra
Where them Leftists at?
Why were you silent when your government was looting the nation for 10 years?
When u have started blak money clean up pl clean thoroughly
Modi always talk like this.we should not take serious.
1. Why should a human baby be more important than a puppy? 2. Wtf is wrong with her  Promit Mookherjee
Aruna Adeel,  right. No one cares about millions of tweets on cleanliness or eye donation.
NO ONE KILLED BY HARVARD.  BUT IDIOT WORKED HARD TO KILL 150 INNOCENT PEOPLE.
YOGI being a Hindu tries to safeguard Hindu interest.He also Believes in Sabka  Sath Sabka Vikas.That is Why he is the best Choice for C.M of U.P. UNDIAN EXPRESS STOP CRYING FOUL.
Plot twist : sorry this is not a bike. This is a movie about the bike
That was blessing I gave u to own cars.... U r the only one who can refuse a blessing... No problem you only use the cars but I'll pray I own them someday...
I just want to say that media works only for own TRP. Media never like to arise the grievances of an ordinary people. I have news that on 8-12-12 an 18 year old went to tuition and never returned back and family found her body in nearby mortuary after 4 days on 12-12-12. Stunning thing is that the parents of the girl lodged missing report on the same day and girl was killed on railway track on 8-12-12 & police recovered the body on the same day. Police has no time to even collect her PM report & investigation is yet not started to allow the culprits to erase the evidences. No news paper/channel dared to show the news as it has no worth for them. A police person was killed in agitation at India Gate and PM report came to police within 24 hours and MS of Ram Manohar Lohiya Hospital is summoned by the police to be appear in their office.
Whatever the analysis, if America comes first, it always seems like faking it.
Surprising to come from a man who constantly ditched those very friends who were instrumental in his success...
potbelly does not go well with uniform.
This shows wat respect indian muslims have in india...
Now tell the other people commenting,  that there are temples in Kashmir Rahul Sharma
The quantum of gali to modi is directly proportional to black money they have
Consanguineous marriages increase the chances of genetic abnormalities and you people are ample proof. ..Lol  !!
Yes,HE. Global power of Happiness which is under tremendous threat.
Nobody condemned karan for taking Pakistani actors, why ????
Sunny Leon would not face any problem if she did a FAIRNESS CREAM ad.
imagine the plight of the other hooded  guys/girls on the stage - they must be sweating and cursing the bike and the lady singing - their Badduua will ensure the first 100 bikes have punctures!!\
Some idiots are busy in spreading rumours without understanding the reasoning behind remonetisation.
मागते रहो भीख आतंकबाद खत्म करने की । अरे खुद ही कुछ करो ऐसा कब तक सहन करेगे ।
Stooge of bjp
Hahaha..awe that people like u still exist.. MCPs.. no need to make an argument wid u..u got no brain for that!
Why will a bjp man join AAP
Vishwa Yandigeri... U might be right.. I thought the same when BJP stacked enough money and then got demonetisation just before UP elections.. and won because they were the only party with money... others were raided and stripped....
Modi met Rahul gandhi.... 7 parties pulled out of protest march to rastrabathi bavan... Great Modi ji
In 2022 Modi was Normal citizen like you and me! Why he thinking tooo much !!!
Rightly said, all boot lickers are left in this grand old party... No one left to take on the bull by its horns..
Bc pakistan par ek parmanu bam gira kar safaya karo.
Don't forget the nationalist arrested for spying for Pak. You have good knowledge of pedeg....
Even a good decision if not implemented properly then it is a failure at the end of the day.
Ya  well. On the bright side atleast the senior was supportive and she is able to do what's right and not succumb to the big-headed crowd-pleasing Mla.
This bike is for the night that why it is dark
Nepotism exists... No wonder people vd no talent at all like #sonamkapoor continue to exist
Kejriwal should resign immediately. .if he has some dignity left
my simple question......soldiers got killed with fire....how come their bodies were mutilated ?? this shows they were in Pakistani territory.....and if they were in Pakistani territory they were surely at wrong place and met their fate....and as far as mutilation is concerned this claim is absurd......neither we mutilate nor we use humans as shield like indian army does.....this is how we treat soldiers ....ur very dear chandu Lal chohan
Sickular spotted ha Vikash okk i take it... u r no less then communal too then, who knows only to respect his own beliefs and insults others... If respecting everyone is termed as Sickular then Yes i am a Proud Sickular, bt frstly i am Human being and knows Humanity, rest u cn term me wtever u wnt, neither i ever cared nor i will now... Nd ya Malice a true secular and liberal mind should be respected atleast more then a selfish communal narrow mind... Nd avinash i know he tweeted three tweets exactly.. i m just sying ws it necessary to highlight a particular Community for opposing noise pollution, in his previous two tweets.. And I am not Muslim too, I m a Sikh, i stand for humanity thats wt our Dhan Gurus says.. Thanks..!
He as finish is music carrier he want bharat ratna and bjp ticket
You let out blood thirsty hounds on a 20 year old kid! You should feel ashamed! You legitimised her trolling
i like grey hair that is the reason 50:50 (krackjack)
You know it just baffles me how despite so much education and information around, people like you ask such dumb questions. Could you just define what a true Hindu, Muslim or a Christian is supposed to be like? By all means feel free to come to Kerala and do your survey yourself as to whether Hindus here eat buffalo or cow beef. By the way I also have Kerala Muslim friends who drink also. (Jinnah btw ate pork and drank too) So you can do a simultaneous survey on how many true Muslims are there in Kerala. And do remember to share your survey results with everybody. It will be enlightening. Like I said in my comment, Kerala, it's food practices and culture is beyond the understanding of most North Indians like you.
Shunglu report is ok  What about mcd.  Delhi Most corrupted corporation in India led by BJP.
Their imam tells to marry 4 women nd have 40 kids with them all.. BJP oppose this.. thts the main issue with these sufiyan type people
Nusrat Nazir She and her ministry have rescued hundreds and thousands of Indian's from Yemen war and they there countless expatriate workers who praise her for taking interest in individual problems. Just yesterday, she ordered the Indian embassy in KSA to rescues a Muslim woman who was confined by her employer abusing the kafila system.
Have we stupid Indians made our mind to give a befitting reply to porkistan in facebook only... plz wait and we have confidence in our army...
????? Respect your nation buddy. Let PM Modi attack will full thrust. Enough is enough.
Original video in the link....and a segment of the video used by few media house to propagate how Kumar Biswas attacked Kejriwal.....watch both the video by yourself  to see how mainframe media is using all its take to defame delhi government as much as possible before MCD election. #shameonjournalism #soldmedia  https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=iuoS2dpccHU
Looks like he needs a slap from Shah Rukh Khan again!
This idiot was the major contributor of black money as slave prime minister of Sonia gandhi .  Now shedding crocodile tears .  Most useless ex prime minister of india .
Ubaid think about future not about past .....increasing terrorism is an issue now days ..it dosent matter who he is ....
Still we should know why exactly they are leaving, so that right corrections can be applied.
Tough words are not enough. Strike strike and strike......Mr PM your 56' chest is on stake....
What did I do then? I put my opinion too.. And you can put your opinion but can't order the court..
he should read a few books on economics... am not sure if he knows the basics of economics...
Once his term comes to end he will say give me another 5 yrs by that time he will completely ruin the country
A speech full of just superficial ideas. Mr. Modi look down to common men . See where he is right now. Ur just blah blah blah blah blah. Nothing else. No ground reality.
Why  u did like this, GODSE body still revered in India
being highly educated and learned and not using any of it for the benefit of the country is useless... i have also stood in lines for hours and not only seen poor people stand but also people who drove Mercedes and BMW's getting out of their cars and standing in queues. Thats y i said not everything you read is true. If you have read the Bible... God bought a flood when only Noah and his ark and all that was inside his ark was safe. do you know y ???? if not please find out y... No religion teaches bad things its people who do bad. We all have comments on everybody and everything... Also, please go back in time when the Puppet was a PM and you will come to know alot of things that happened but nobody spoke about it... neways... you take care and time will tell us... lets leave this to time... take care and all the best buddy....
noooooo
Drama man
Absolutely perfect reply
actualy they all are bhakts :D
What he said and what are you quoting?  Wish you looked at the video in an unbiased manner....
We will get revenge as soon as possible. Just wait and watch.
I was personally fan and become bound to watch his alliance and particularly Mr Kumar Vishwas and his own made talent  including poet one,I believe that,*Zinke andaj shairana note gain,oonke jajbat aashikana vote hai*but what I get ,seriously I want to say * Aap aap ho gate bavajah,hum   tum ho gaye be vajah.Sorry to say you have lost not only yourself but believe of common Indians,who started to store power and confidence to stood before malapersonalities.
It was bound to happen . ... what chances did pak have in intellect with India . .... a country who compares Indian mars mission with their low quality missile test ... how can one think that they can even compete with India who is not just a super power in technology but also has a  soft power skills .......
First of all this is our constitution mistake to farm uniform civil code.if  Previous govt  could have do it earlier it will not be discussable matter to day. Perhaps may be vote bank .One thing I can't understand. For all crime they want IPC. WHY THEY DONT TRIPLE TALAQ TO BE IN IPC...even most of educated persons are not raise theire voice against this...
Reliance is cheater.....they made billions via insider trading....... avoid the cheater
Finally he spoke but not what he wanted to, but instead what Congress wanted to.
Keni Siezo Punyu sakshi maharaj have no public support...yogi is the leader of purvanchal
Amanmani  is a culprit. 4 political milage he is trying 2patch up with adiyanath. Let's c what he does.
The pot cannot call the Kettle black ??  India loses the right to accuse other for the same crime that India itself commits routinely to others. India has killed 57 Bangladeshi Army officers in a staged rebellion in Bangladesh who bodies are totally mutilated. India extra-judicially kills Bangladesh Border villagers almost everyday. India has been recently killing its own Muslim citizens for the crime of eating or wanting to eat beef.
so are you saying that this puppet was not responsible for anything that happened in the country for the last so many years.... come on....
Please stop such nonsense statement. No results come from any talks. They are not at all worth of it. So tackle the situation as per the demand and betterment of the nation.
One more swine
Congress did in 70 year BJP did in 30 min
It appears so because after becoming her C.M anti -national activities has increased.
In other words, Indian Army is saying Pakistani soldiers went across the LoC into Indian side, Mutilated the bodies of two Indian soldiers and came back while no one on the Indian side dared them engage.  #surgicalstrike 😏
Modi ji now act do not follow congress path nation wants result
Modi has chopped congress into 4 pieces ...what a speech
This mam seems to high on cheap brands smoking pots .......he even abuse pious man like anna .
He is doing good but he should have silenced opposition by facing them in parliament.
Chill Indian express..u all have seen work of many so called good people..let him also work..how can you question the confidence of Gorakhpur voters who have voted for him since 1998..take a chill pill and work for transperancy and intellectual development of country, don't create suspense and hatred..
Petrol ke price exceed kyu ho rahe hai? Why even after cash being seized
Yeah because once they wore uniform they aren't human anymore?
A person having black money will go to bank or post office and will exhange the notes. Then how does this move going to help curb blackmoney?
Give Mahajan a gun to shot all the so called palimentarians who do not listen to her
I want to send some bangles to all BJP leaders including Natendra Modi...!
B coz he is with B J P And lots of money...............         AAP doesn't have.
Don't worry this bitter pill will make you all ill for a long time resulting in your death.
For him secularism is bootlicking of mullahs.... Thank God India is in safe hands 😊😊😊😊
Shakeel Mohammed Right Jaitley is another  Modi Chaiwala's  KMA . He too sneaked in through the back door. These back door entrances includes Smriti , also.
How much was petrol prices during Congress rule Mr. Fake maxwell?
These days cows and dogs are more important than humans
The whole world knows you are with RSS/BJP. Whom are you trying to fool???
Congrass is end of india, that's why they joined SP 😂😂😂😂
Yes y nt Md. Sir, noise pollution is noise pollution, SC has law of not playing speakers from 22.00 to 06.00, i believe everyone shud follow it, evn my Gurudwara.. Nd i aint sying there shud be no loudspeaker in religious place, it shud be there bt in a controlled way abide by Indian Judiciary laws.. If wt u r doing is legal noone has the power to stop u... And as u can see Sir, i aint defaming neither supporting any religion here, i m supporting wt is right according to my point of view..
Hindu majority,,,,okkk  does that makes anyone wanna stoop to your decisions.... You better live with your beliefs, nobody is going to question you , but never try to pull others into your zone.... nobody cares....   if you are protecting some thing religious, holy or whatever then we are protecting something more important to us which is our freedom and right as a human ....... any sensible person will understand  this....
It may be bad for some Indians but great for all India
Omkar Bhatwadekar ooohhhh really what a achievement.
hahahhaha...look who's talking about respect..what a man .....😂😂😂 nd i don't want to Judge u coz u r also show ur third mentality cheap people don't believe u r human being....
Our blood boils when we see/hear such news. Have the govt. got any blood to boil?
friends we have to understand the ground reality, b'coz this will not turn-up in a day or two day protest, only parliament has right amend this procedure.
Surgical Strike would be a better option as you already have ""successfully"" conducted that. 😂😂😂😂😂😂😂 But please this time with proofs as you know world doesn't believe on your fake claims.
Dear Indian Express, I feel sorry to write that your journalists are out there to misinterpret events and present them in a distorted manner just to make some sensational headlines. The news about upcoming singer Nahid Afreen has been prepared without proper research and investigation. It was very sad to see that your journalists don't even know the difference between fatwa and appeal.  A fatwa is a non-binding legal opinion issued only by a qualified jurist (Mufti) on a request by someone who is unable to understand religious guidelines whereas the leaflet that is being circulated and presented as Fatwa is just a hard copy of an appeal signed by 46 men who believe in religious practices. The merit of appeal can be discussed on many grounds and in many dimensions but first and foremost, an appeal can not be called a legal opinion (Fatwa).  We expect apology from your side for such a mistake.
We have a Lady sub-inspector in sec-7, cda, cuttack.  She takes bribes from criminals to protect them.  Have asked officials to refrain her from using Laal Batti PCR vehicle until vigilance takes care of her.... Vigilance sitting with her reports from 2015. She has filed cases against victims for hitting her with iron -rods.  After getting hit with iron-rods she actually and sincerely gets pregnant and avails maternity leave.  Her pregnancy outcome : First Iron baby daughter of odisha.  We have requested everyone locally to bless the iron - baby so vitamin deficiencies could be cured.
Opposition Parties hv only ONE AGENDA that Modi should not b allowed 2 work. They r trying thr best 2 incite people agnst Govt.
There was a time when every Indians respected Anna...but nw entire India is ashamed of him...
This country will run by constitution not by Veda or any religious book that our four father decided don't ruin diversity and pluralism of this country . For your kind information every one has  believes. Animal life is more important than human life ?
A man who has will power to lead the party boldly in Punjab.
BJP sees ‘TMC conspiracy’; CID says didn’t make public accused whereabouts in Nepal deliberately
Neither black money was unearthed nor corruption was curbed. He talks about right of poor people and the same poor man is dying of hunger. Black money is parked thru Political funding and now they are exempt.
Kajol clarified saying...she was eating aunty not Mommy.. go to her house.. you cowards.. and punish her, if you've guts.. hypocrites..
Why is he always poking into affairs of kejriwal??
//17-year old RSS worker Ananthu in Alappuzha, 20-year old BJP worker Nirmal in Thrissur, 44-year old BJP worker Jayakumar in Thrissur and a few others.// I think it is better to mention specifically who killed these BJP workers. otherwise they will definitely add these name to the incidents of 'brutal one sided killing' of BJP workers in kerala. it is sanghis and spreading lies is their game!
Forget about religion and tell if anyone take such strong decisions in favour of country?
This serves as a fitting reply to the so-called liberals.
For kashmiri pandits thy hv no answer, as thy can see only their problms only..like thy do remember proper dates n no. Of ppl got harmed bt thy dont remember their deeds behind that..unfortunatly
What is your money and my money? Who will pay for d building, salary of bank staff,elect etc ? Indian express?
Jennifer Anne Juste do you agree with child rape, killing of gays and Jews, slavery, wife beating and killing of Apostates? Is that what being liberal is? Sacrifice all for the intolerant?
Who ever is abusing PM. Keep ur mouth shut as u did for so many years...
Very  nice  but  difficult .. To find  with  merit ...
""I am pained by the Shunglu Committee report...He (Kejriwal) has dashed all my hopes."" Do you think Anna Hazare made the right decision? Share if you agree!
Sooner or later BJP will raise through RSS more and more........15% to 20 or 30%..even more.....  And all this will happen bcas of people like you
If BJP wins UP he will go to NDA that will be the end of opposition.
That means he is not the right leader and he fails to control his subordinates
Megharaj u may have not read the actual news , that i understood from ur 1st comment.
At times like these I feel sorry for parents who sacrifice so much to bring up their kids, only to be let down by the same child. Can't even begin to try and empathise with this man's state of mind at the moment. I wonder what he and his wife might be going through at such a difficult time. Almighty please don't ever punish any parent the way you are punishing this couple. He turned out to be an ungrateful son and eventually an ungrateful Indian. Shame!! I do however feel that his fTher should have him buried the dead need to be put to rest who ever they might be. I doubt any of us will question this poor old man's patriotism if he puts his son to rest. Please burry him.
PM take the crocodiles from the nation out !! We are with u
Waooo
Do you know Malda. ??
RIP
in cattle fair, keralites purchase mother with calf for butchering by offering price no other can offer.
Now you are saying what you really think. MR Macchiwala. This the main reason y you are hated here
Dog meat or beef or chicken  stopped eating grass
look at your party's principles and actions also. can they be called secular and in the interest of the country. we find more communal riots in periods of pseudo-secular rule. why?
don't worry .. asia sound will come only after you start the machine.
Anthony.... not all u read is true.... everybody has a viewpoint... you speak what you feel and i will say what i feel. . you are right coz thats ur viewpoint and i am right coz this is my viewpoint... Every individual should speak for themselves. let not make other speak what we feel is right or wrong... let people decide if the country is changing for good or for bad.
Could it be pimp Pappu Maharaj seeking to relieve his frustrations ?
The marketing team of Bajaj is loosing the Plot... First the FLG theme of Avenger and and now this :( SAD...
It is the biggest fraud. A girl student living on rent prepared an Adhaar card on my adress but she was a resident of Bhiwani. She got married and got the registration of her car on my address. When the card came on my address I refused to accept it that she does not live here no penal action was taken against her.
He made people across India to stand outside bank from early morning and he left for Japan as usual
Good to hear this news may God call him soon to his home ...
Hindus and other religions were also died...It was agitated by ruling party and local goons
Muslims are slaves, this is fact
As Mr. Gathkari has pointed out, BJP is the mothership of all types of criminals from thugs, mass murderers, cheats, fraudsters..
Tension prevailed in the village when the police dismounted the loudspeaker from the temple on Ram Navmi after the Muslims objected to its use.  https://m.facebook.com/story.php?story_fbid=10154868919463580&id=111445058579
Haha,  now this is gross
its the New India of vikas....by Modi govt
Kejriwal dissolve assembly elections in Delhi best for you
See wha t suprim Cory say about it
Yep dude nd now u know cows r sacred to us, that's why we feel sad nd r against it.
He was boy friend of your mother
But its the Truth... U watch Rajasabha Tv. U can see that each and everyone is made fun and antinational by BJP leaders who stands aganist them. Yechury is the one who stands tall with big voice.
Know every BJP member giving tributes but till concrete action taken
Because they know now to survive in bollywood they have to praise modi.but this hindu actors r been used by bjp and rss to propaganda for them.shame on actor like akshay and others who r trying to divide bollywood by religoun.bollywood is like family and one should not become puppets of politicians they will come and go but bollywood will remain for ever.so pls akshay u r good actor but don't make ur self to cheap for this hindevta propaganda agent.
What a good reply
I'm with sonu nigam
There is no hash tag for human brain pls. Who ever it is, the Intellect should be applouded. The media and the politicians are running in the same dirty stream.
Indian Army trying to divert attention from Kashmir unrest... where they stop internet access,social media bane, violation of human rights , killing of innocent Kashmiries on daily basis....thats why every Kashmiri stands against Indian aggression , but remember the struggle of self determination of Kashmirs people will continue until their freedom..
If u  r hindu and hv gone  through hindu literature ..uwa Vedas also speak about getting early..
That is why Kashmir situation goes worst day by day
This is modi Effect
Kaleem Bukhari i wish such toys were there in the era of harami tharaki 1400 years back... u know what i mean ... Kaleem Bhikari..
Like modiji responded to others ? By surgical strikes which is a routine practice and by fooling the public that u did something ?
Definitely go Mr. Azam and then see how fool you will look.
Sir pls change the fortune of Andhra..     Modi ::Johnny Johnny yes papa telling lies yes papa  giving spl status no papa
People who are not in support of modi, please think ten times what the previous govts have done, they have achieved lots of scams looting crores of public money. Please wait for sometime and have Patience to see a bigger difference. Modi is a great prime minister India has ever had. Let's support for our better future, I agree this is a pain which lasts very soon.
We will not Celebrate Bjp win we will pray for our brave soldiers Sukma attacks
Why is this man targetting only one man---Kejriwal?? More he'll bark against Kejri,  more popular Kejri will become.. Both Anna and Kejri are trying to show audience the drama resemble to that of 'Yadav family' of UP, have dispute among themselves.. They might have forgotten the result of UP general election..
I return, interviewed a couple of people on their way out. But while I interviewed the last family, I hear some noise, quite different from ‘Har Har Modi’ or the ‘Modi Modi’ chant across the 7th Avenue. I turn around only to find Rajdeep Sardesai and a senior cameraperson in the middle of a mob trying to calm down a group of approximately 50 people around him.   http://www.naisadak.org/the-rajdeep-sardesai-video-no-one-will-post-on-youtube-or-social-media/
Y I don't see common people suffering haan those people who have kept their money in high amount with them are barking alot if u were having high amount of money then u would have put it in your bank account and have paid tax to the government from.starting then we all wouldn't have suffered.....so give chance to him also as we have given the corruption leader in past.....give him a chance might the situation will get changed......
Pork and beef are both delicacies in Kerala and Bengal. Better to ban BJP
And Pakistani Army came and beheaded our soldiers and you were busy with Erdogan your look alike
Mr. Modi - 1971 was wrong year for demonetisation because war was upon us. West Pakistan migrating in India 🇮🇳 India who has opportunity to finish war of 1965. And teach Pakistan a lesson. Thanks 🙏 to greatest general of India field marshal Manekshaw we were able to finish this war in 13 days. Biggest surrender in world history.
Who are ashamed of him, chamchas of keeji.
INDIA TV, how dare u to compare Cow with Animals, Cow is Godess, Gou mata
Tell this to Donald Trump
Training gives officers the ability to handle situations without emotional bias it doesn't make you emotionally invincible...  With all due respect to your opinion sir I understand where you're coming from but I think the men and women in uniform need to be seen as human as anybody for the peaceful functioning of society...
It somehow seems strange how this quaint old man suddenly decides to speak only when there are elections around the corner, and that too only against Arvind Kejriwal. Why not the tremendous amount of good the AAP is doing among the really poor and voiceless Mr. Hazare? Or maybe you have not been told all that???
2000 notes are of no use ... I am staying proper Mumbai I have not seen 500 rupee note .. still banks not giving 500 rs. Notes
For us,  Beef Jaan se Pyari hey. In that way we are BJP, at least once in a week 😉
Sonu Nigam is right... I support him...
so?
David Singh I have already said that. And I would love it. 😜
Lower the income tax rate , it will increase consumerism
This is a new low to stay in the public eye .. desperate measures to retrieve your dying career I guess
Terrorism in Gujarat. .. And Gujarat govt failed to act on terrorist  who are responsible for such Terrorism
For what.:D
Every indian minorities must know they are minorities and will be minorities if we unite on black anti social doings
Sickular spotted..
I wonder if you ever had given sermons to people like owaisi... Don't get me wrong brother but like sonu nigam you should also weigh and say anything on public platform. You never know who may endorse your opinion and go on to hate people from particular community
I kind of support him.
@arjun - if you have black money give to me... But don't disrespect PM modi
I dont believe him. Waiting for 50 days to b over to prove his sincerity to nation.
""There are widespread doubts on Amma's health among people. It is the responsibility of a government to clear those doubts...""
Sir , please do something for government employees who take bribe
We never said around 90christian countries their dictatorships killed almost 8bn people
All gunda element of u. P., are subsid and no one dair to do crime. Make up mind to do something in u. P. & India.
Even if this is a lie, we must welcome this and call it as a change...and make Pak to adhere to this....we may have centuries more to this partition atrocity committed by so called Secular Leaders who betrayed both the  religions Sushma Swaraj Shankh Naad Narendra Modi Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP)
Question is not re-election but when will he shut his mouth? Don't care which party he belongs to.
Its too much now BAJAJ. Waited for almost 3 years now on top of this this hymns !!!
I agree with all the arguments u made except for one. All are not supposed to wake up at the early morning azaan or bhajan. Some peeps have to go to sleep at 1-2 in the late night.
over step with adidas ...first never follows -adidas advt--> from james bond ""world is not enough ""
Plz muslim frend dnt speak the language of past incident,,,, plz be in present and think about future,,,,, he is the only man ,,, which can create a diamond pic of india
Absolutely, regardless of religion.
Not to mention the 150 million children working as slave labour thanks to capitalism
You showed the true color of ur blood. Bravo...let people know where ur heart n loyalty is. U can't be trusted even if ur thousand generation eat this lands food n drink this lands water. U prefer to lick Arab spit rather than being loyal citizen here.
Sir my land load demanding rent in cash only he worn strictly. What I do pls suggest 7827950141
Frustrated Nigam.
I love Indian maaata in kerala hotel in saudis
What did Congress do for 70 yrs. At least appreciate our pm he has shown in 2.5 yrs
And this is the problem with privileged kidswho live in their own bubble of comfort and privilege and forget that not everyone is born with her luck ....!!!!she can sit at home and afford to say all that but the majority can't...Mira Rajput u need to interact more with people  from all classes and walks of life.. And that would only happen if you work...working mothers don't treat their babies like puppies but they teach all their daughters and sons how versatile and capable a women can be... Which particularly Indian sons need to learn...
omg...she is trying to irk kareena by this statement it seems....
Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha funny as hell.. ha ha ha ha ha
That is too much... Looks like 15 lakhs to everyone ...lol
They are become arrogant after getting power in UP....This is very sad and IPS officer is treated like such threatening way
Instead of understanding what he meant,just ignore him😑such a ignorant society
Why nonsense?whyno reply?
All loud speakers should be disallowed- whatever religion. I personally find temple bells, Azaan and church bells very soothing in the morning if in tune - else no:)
It's the patriarchal social setting that prohibit the fee mixing of youth of two gender that provoke such incidents mostly. Meanwhile if our youth start taking clues on current politics from movies...they would have overthrown you all
Already you have joined BJP.
When you are roaming in a Big Developed City and You walk for 500 meters and there are no public Toilets in that City.....What is your Opinion on that Developed City of India?????
we know history.Don't think us fool.We know what kind of friend you are and why you creat civil war and gives us arms.So don't act  here bro.
Ok, how much black money retrieved .....pill made BJP sick through out India, pill took 150 causality, pill doesn't treat Reddy who mad 500 cr. Wedding..
some odd incidents on personal rivalry would continue and the police can't check every single incident 24x7 as they have their own limitations = let's hope good sense prevails all over
& he is called as gandhian
Good to know that HRD Minister acknowledges the fact that quality work and research happens in JNU
Biggest Gaaaan D00 in the world
U bhvng like modi paid spectator...Srskty nvr xpctd atleast from u...
Really ??? I would like to know her job profile where she will have to work 23 hours a day
Satya Narayan Padhi no need to reply such nonsense..! Where's the evidence..? Why he kept himself silent since 2014..?
You targetted hindus hajra so please dont play on that harp of pretence. It was wrong enough you commented on a mans dead sons post and stoked emotions. Is it further needed to fuel the fire????
Great. So now you forgot that Lotus is our National flower.
The Court has done justice. There should not be any restriction, ban on food for the human beings to eat. Look in the west & the rest of the world the stores are full of all sorts of food, vegetarian/ non- vegetarian, beef, pork, mutton. Chicken all sorts. The choice is there, all the customers Christians, Hindus, Sikhs, Buddhists, Jains Muslims etc. They go to these store & buy what they like, every one has the freedom to choose , to eat they like. Why India is so intolerant, so narrow minded ?
I started hating sonu nigham from today.......and will till death
Gopal Tripathi.there must be a ban on all noise pollution including the night long devinavaratri bhajans where sonu Nigam sells his sound pollution causing voice for money.at that time sonu Nigam and his ilk forget their devotion is other 's sound pollution. Azan lasts only 2 or 3 min.usually very few non Muslims live in the vicinity of a masjid.
Horrible state of common people. All suffering. He has no understanding the ordeal people r going  thru
Dear brother  Pls see the all the comments above and below .not only Muslims respect other religions but Hindus also respect our religion.
Beta u know, what is surgical strike?? Lol
He deserves it!!
Same Here,if Ajmal Kasab Will Kill 200 Hindus In Mumbai Attack,Why He Lived So Many Days In Jail.He Should Have Been Hanged Publically Within Days..Even My Own Brother Will Kill An Innocent Hindu,He Should Be Punished As Per Law.There Should Be No Mercy To Killers Of Humanity.
Sanjiv Sharma and what evidence you have got to call the communist party.murderers?
Its 2017 and people have to justify what they ate!   God bless us everyone !!!!
It's his wish. Who is this mullana preaching others and interfaring in others religious beliefs ? He's also a citizen of India and have his own religious freedom. Being a CM doesn't mean he do stop believing in the faiths of his religion.
Ahmad ji you are absolutely right.  Anna is not talking about Gau Raksha case. And other thing don't  worry about these bhakts.  Because they are blind. They can't see what is happening or what may happen.
The money lost by SBI to Mallya will be collected with our common people in the new way..... Super
He said the truth.. he says against loud speaker thats it.. harsh cmnting and abusing him just proves the mean mentality of the individuals.. if one dont like his sayings just they can ignore other than insulting him this way..
With this move, all the black is converted into white with the help of political parties,  we don't  need banks anymore.  Mission accomplished :)
Sorry our govt couldn't appoint a full time defense Minister. One Minister give up because of pressure of defense ministry. Our govt  know only how to politically use soldier and their wins.
Dileep just proved you right, Kanhaiya :D No knowledge, no info, no data, just empty abuses. Makes me laugh more harder :D
Commi is against democracy , it's as simple as that
Deepak when black money was getting stashed in the Swiss bank what was Congress doing ? What has been done in past 15 years can't be undone immediately... Change has begun wait that black money will also come back...have some patience
Now bhakts will worship Gates like they worshipped Trump. 😂
I stay in my wife village where at 4.30 am jain song is been played followed by azan ... people are living United. The best thing is jain song will be stopped for 5 mins Azan. That's best of South India.   Proud to be born in South India where there is no religious fight
Eat less spicy Ur colon will thank u and Facebook posts also
if demonetization was implemented without being discussed in parliament ( which is the SOP for any reform, irrespective about corrupted politician ) which Modi thought was right, then why other reform like GST,  abolition of reservation, Janlokpal etc are being kept for discussion in parliament. Comeon see dream, wake-up and pass the bill on your own...
All those who kill their wives or abandon them have a special place of Honor within the BJP.
I agree, that there is no point of making a goon a CM, who will decide whether he is a goon or not?
He is bought up by bjp
Perfect example of SOLD media house. Just like SONIA/RAHUL GANDHI who will sell anything ifthe price is right.
He is against of india
I lived in a area where there were 2 Mandirs and 1 Masjid I never got disturbed in Ganesh chaturti even if the loud speakers started at 6 am in morning and went on till the night. I still remember when the Azan used to start all the loud speakers used to be turned off by their respective people. It never occurred to me that they were doing wrong because I believed it was important to them and I respected that... Have respect for everyone's faith Mr Sonu Nigam and you wouldn't get disturbed.
fractured finger theory ...ladies finger news ..french finger fried in the hot pan of cnbc tv 18 .say cheers
Accused of killing wife. Loina clean chit fanglamni Atol Kazi Nurul Hussain Rafique Ahmad
Demontisation is completly failed   Lack of proper planning and Uncontrolled Bank Officials.  COMMON MAN HAS TO SUFFER.
I dont know why indians blame Pakistan for everything and yet not willing to accept their responsibility for their creation of disturbances in bochistan and other parts of Pakistan.
Completely biased the reporter is clearly trying to tell the time was bad instead of listening to the vendors
As if China was Waiting for the day Pakistan kills two pigs then they will give statement to make india happy??? 😂😁😂 No Paki or intel media give such news only Lundian media with lollypoop for Public 😁😄😄
Q1) Are GDP data fudged?  - Yes, they are. They aren't accurate. They are being fudged to promote a lie.  Q2) Can you prove that the GDP data are fudged?  - Until January'2015, Indian economy was witnessing its worth growth since the mid 1980s. And then the magic happened. The Central Statistical Office (CSO) changed the way it calculates GDP saying that it was necessary to do so keeping in view the global practices. As a result, India outpaced China and became the fastest growing economy. In 2013-14 our economy grew at 6.9%, rather than 4.7%, which the CSO data showed earlier. Even the country's chief economic advisor, Arvind Subramanian, said “I am puzzled by the new GDP growth numbers. The revised numbers show GDP growth rose from 4.7% to 5.1% for 2012-13 and from 5% to 6.9% for 2013-14. This means acceleration in GDP growth of 1.9 percentage points in 2013-14, just by comparing the new numbers across time"". He also said ""these numbers, especially the acceleration in 2013-14, are at odds with other features of the macro economy"". Almost every economic expert, working in or out of the government ( including Mr Raghuram Rajan), questioned the GDP numbers as they found that the ground realities reflected a completely opposite picture. The new GDP numbers seemed completely in conflict with other economic indicators. According to R Nagraj , an independent member of the sub-committee that examined the new methodology to estimate output, the version adopted by the Central Stastical Organisation differed dramatically from the report finalised by the sub-committee in September 2014.  Q3) What about the latest GDP data released post-demonetization?  - They too are fudged. While the performance of few sectors have been better when compared to their performance in previous quarters, the huge improvement in private consumption (almost doubled) seems highly doubtful amidst the cash crunch during demonetization. It seems that the CSO hasn't been able to map the demonetization effect in its data. Both the government and RBI have also been saying ( just like few of their sensible critics) that the effect of demonetization can be mapped over a longer time-frame. Also, the CSO revised DOWN the Q3 estimates of 2015-16 by 0.3 percentage point to 6.9% from 7.2% earlier, which led to considerable improvement in Q3 2016-17 figures. For those who don't find it surprising, the CSO revised UP Q1 and Q2 estimates of 2015-16. This downward revision of Q3 of 2015-16 has helped in restricting the effect of demonetization in figures.  Q4) I am not able to understand anything. Why?  - You won't be able to get it. You are neither a statistician nor an economist. Everytime reports and claims like these surface, hustle a little bit on internet beyond Facebook and Twitter, and read about basic things and what experts have to say about them.  Q5) But Modi ji says experts know nothing. Don't you think that he is right?  - After Hindutva, the best tactic Modi ji has got is misinformation. He has convinced people in believing that experts know nothing. He misinforms people who don't know anything but to believe him. They don't have enough time or will to find out the truth. And when experts question his claims and him, people never understand what experts are saying because they aren't educated enough to understand.
Indian Express at its lowest. I need to rethink if I should continue with its subscription?
Most Muslims oppose PM and support opposition but Hindus love  & and they will vote him to  power again !
Good work by u sir intentions are great but try to provide cash in industrial sector otherwise there will be mass unemployment. Moreover tax system must be simplified.
and we shud also destroy taj mahal... qutub minar ....laal qila aftr that visiters seen only GBRoad vd hvng a fun vd ur neighbours
You are very truthfull and you got a certificate that you are an indian. :) like these people having certificate with 11 cases of murder etc. Google it.
KEEP GIVING AID TO AFGHAN GOVT BUT INDIA OWN ARMY DYING FOR STARVATION 😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂
Not a good idea..Will simply increase overheads if not managed well. Specially aviation sector.
The Biggest Facebook Scam Unearthed. Just ONE innocent ""Like"" on a post may ruin your life. Do Read https://www.facebook.com/SMHoaxSlayer/photos/a.147357335599672.1073741828.140690692933003/249768748691863/?type=3
Suar,indian army Air Force have muslims, Sikhs Christian, paarsies etc as officers soilders etc(not like Punjabi (naqli) sunni(again naqli) hijdaa(asli) so called army.
yes
I totally agree with  you Meenaxi Gautam......
That is not going to solve the problem. We are not limited to MP and MLA elections, we have so many other elections like local body elections, by-elections, etc., and so on. We need to eliminate as many elections as possible because that will reduce the scope for fake currency as well. If an elected representative dies in office, the runner-up candidate should be given the responsibility rather than conducting another election. An elected government can't fall at the behest of few selfish politicians. We need to change rules to make the elected representatives to complete the term or even share power across party lines when there is no clear majority. Conducting elections after elections are bleeding this country.
What man he & look his visions out of imagination.
So far banks are showing profits except for the Big Fishes whose huge loans have become irrecoverable by the banks . The normal saving Bank holders are unnecessarily going to be punished.  Who Cares ?
i cant believe its u sonu.. i was hardcore fans of urs b4 ur tweet.
Don't go digital if you wish  kaleem....  We can drag a horse to river but can't make it drink water... Same is with you...
Bjp mla means  super nationalist 👏👏👏 no more comments  other wise bhakts send pakistsn tag antinational 🖕🖕🖕
Is it a surgical strike ....Lol That was cowardness by pak.
Demonetization a successful move made by PM Mr.Modi ji that even a long time silent keeping ex -PM start mumbling
I also support sonu
A man who cannot respect his mother how do you expect him to respect his motherland
Very good sonu nigam
Not pained at the legalised corruption of electoral system under the new Bill that allows unlimited secret corporate funding.   Not pained at the goonda Raj, the dalit attacks in Una and student attacks.
Just look at Bengal after 30 yrs of communist rule.
Punch line... Strongly said & boldly put forward...
Do it Ajam Khan... lets see who would be shamed after that.
Childish.
Ambulance is only 4 Cow thts the way Yogi sarkar govern in UP animal is mor value thn human being thy keep thinking on animal bas law not 4 human being developmnt
nusrat r u indian or not?
But my question is , Why you have not given him to Police when he was live and was moving to Terrorist side?
He is only RSS product
So that means muslim leaders hate hindus because they never perform Havan in there home or office 😂😂
Old man needs to retire.
R u really Kashmiri?
It really makes me sad to see what you're turning into #Indian_express!
Only the black money holders are shouthing on u modiji...we r proud to get a PM like u modiji....
Delayed by 40 years...congress would have never done it..only govt whocould have done is this one
I dont hav right to kill ur belief nd tell u to eat sumthing which is holy for you.....my point was why is that ur problem when it is not our religious belief
Courageous act.time has come to isolate terrorists like this.
Moon star that sign also belong hindu original  muslims  whare got land all invasion  attack killing  now thay start in usa thare hand works
However the population of Hindus in Pakistan has declined from 10 % during partition to a minuscule 1% now....... Check ur premises.
Gnta kuch nhi krenge bs ese hi mrte rhenge fuudu govt he India ki netaao Ko kya frk pdta he agr bdla dekhna he to France ka dekho on the spot
A great man of no use for self or other.
So what? , Media unnecessarily giving  attention, keeping important news at back end
Looks like this guy will be the next KRK..:P
Abel Mathew, Sourav Rakesh read these comments. Mallus are pretty much🔥
No who said,  but better than AAP
Keeping mum in assembly and speaking in the family and public rally.,. Great!!!!!
Absolutely true, Many ppl Wil understand his words very late Wat he means
Look who is talking :P
Sad to see our people die..... But even sadder to see the media coming to conclusion without knowing what has actually happened.... Putting salt on wounds and make them burn.... Its not so easy to enter loc and kill someone sensibly... And that also Indian side... Its impossible
Good Drama,well acted by Kapil Misra niw all eyes on Bjp that what reward he will get for this.
Mohammad Ashfaq Siddiqui I don't know what part of the news didn't you understand when the killer mistook him for an arab. The fact is there is more chances for Indians to to be alive and live peacefully in U.S if he/she is a hindu ofcourse unless a white is brainwashed by muslims into killing Hindus which I think the probability of that happening is high.
@Indian Express Even if you want to degrade some particular group of people. Please do come with something that make some sense or at least something that is not happening with people in other parts of the world.
60 years passed . Congress give birth of black money. Now time to kill it.
Want to try cut 1 then decide we are impotent or not . Makes you hindu sa musalmani 😀
I'm not in mood of showing you guys the bike appreciate the music first
fighting with the system to make it more corrupt...11 lakh on lunches...stop being a retard for life kid...
Wish the fathers of these wonderful people wore one on that particular night!
Now who will clean the toilets and collect the Garbage from Roads....If Kuwait ban the Pakistani.
I support Sonu Nigam
Pakistan's Inter-Services Public Relation said in a statement, ""Pakistan Army is a highly professional force and shall never disrespect a soldier, even Indian"".
Arun Signal ....using such words barking? Shameful. Very bad.So intolerant?
If someone knows the name of this fellow it is only because of kapil Sharna show
The culture we adopted under colonial rule & even after independence till now, very difficult to remove easily.  it will haunt on us for some more time, until they realize how think logically...
His own wife wants to live with him. He is not calling her back. And you think he will help you.   http://zeenews.india.com/news/india/pm-modis-wife-jashodaben-says-she-wants-to-live-with-him_1502606.html
What would you guys pick in this down trend :)
Appears on and off only for passing some negetive comments on Kejriwal and some attention..!!
Pls Trump make a wall so that we can have our own Google, Microsoft etc, all our workforce that is contributing to your GDP and then we will talk big.
He has been trained from his own Kejriwal :D
It is going to be a acid test.CONGRATULATIONS TO HIM AND HIS TEAM.
Before you lose 5 minutes a night, now it'd be more.
Most modi bhakts are biggest c and hate mongers of the era how comes pk was insult to Hindu God?  It was a lesson for the people to not fall in the trap of dhongi babas and yogi all.
Since 2014 each and every decision of our PM only made me respect him more but this one I could not digest....  No ""Yogi"" pls, to make our nation better we need more educated and qualified strong administrator. I hate Pseudo-seculars and equally hate those who runs people fooling business based on any religion.  Hope I am wrong about the new UP chief Minister , at least this govt would prove me wrong.
He himself is surviving on his wife's salary , he is just venting out his frustration of being unemployed ☺😜
I am not sure whether this is practical, but if you look at familiar spots frequented by people that will give an idea where it needs to be located. Also no one should be saying 'NO' to use the loo even if it's in private area, that is the way we can keep our environment clean.
Dictatorship is going on
What you should know about Turkey's President, Recap Tayyip Erdogan:  The Turkish economy between 2002 and 2012 caused a growth of 64% in real GDP and a 43% increase in GDP per capita.  Erdoğan inherited a debt of $23.5 billion to the IMF, which was reduced to $0.9 billion in 2012. He decided not to sign a new deal. Turkey's debt to the IMF was thus declared to be completely paid and he announced that the IMF could borrow from Turkey.  In 2010, five-year credit default swaps for Turkey's sovereign debt were trading at a record low of 1.17%, below those of nine EU member countries and Russia.  In 2002, the Turkish Central Bank had $26.5 billion in reserves. This amount reached $92.2 billion in 2011. During Erdoğan's leadership. Inflation fell from 32% to 9.0% in 2004.  Under Erdoğan's government, the number of airports in Turkey increased from 26 to 50.  Between 2002 and 2011, another 13500 km of expressway were built.  For the first time in Turkish history, high speed railway lines were constructed, and the country's high-speed train service began in 2009. In 8 years, 1076 km of railway were built and 5449 km of railway renewed.  Erdogan put greater investments into the healthcare system than any predecessor. As part of the reforms, the ""Green Card"" program, which provides free health benefits to the poor.  Erdoğan increased Education spending from 7.5 billion lira in 2002 to 34 billion lira in 2011, the highest share of the national budget given to one ministry and number of universities in Turkey nearly doubled, from 98 in 2002 to 186 in October 2012.  In 1996 1$=222 Lira and in 2016 1$=2.94 Lira, even after the recent turmoil. Indian fooled by Saffron gay gangsters government
Whatever wipro is growing but what is happening in the root is not notified by anyone which is very bad. If someone is going to come for audit then that person use to come before the audit days and use to inform everything what he is going to do . And if something is wrong than also bosses over there use to protect the person who is responsible for that and on opposite side person working on 3rd party were forced to do work for everyone and they use to get scolding on regular basis without any reason
Rajkumar Panthoiren Yeah where shud I go to ask them gulf? Kerala is becoming hub for producing cheap labour for gulf, No jobs there only entrprise producing jobs there r public sector ones. Telling chutiya 10 times wont make your comment intellectual just shows u use same language as gau rakshaks u so abhor. Communism has killed 70 million in China are u defending those deaths? U want that in India dont worry we will give u that. If being a right winger  means defending killing on basis of religion then i guess you should accept that u support an ideology that killed millions will u or ur tiny brain who mastrubates after reading name of FAILED marx is inacapable of irony, or maybe u studied in a madarsa in kerala?
Beef is eaten by  members of all communities in Kerala.Their numbers may vary. The choice food is the individual preference . No organisation has the right to interfere in that.
How govt let bank mangers to sell new currency in black market with out monitoring on funds. When people are suffering at queues
Now in 2017 may have the same results and effects.
first fall it is nt conform they cow steal er the Murderers   just doubt  & kill them because they r from other community
The advertisers shud be in trouble. Bt condoms & actors shud nt b.
thats why gujrat had bhukamp in kucch when he was CM
Farid Siddiqui, first atleast write corruption spelling correctly...secondly...Ur read ur comment urself..u saying corruption was at high...and things Wer smooth... Buddy it has to be smooth when everybody was a part of loot and getting the butter..! Anyways not ur fault. We understand the pain of its.
Or by one person who steals ideas from a team of people
Mind blowing decision by modi ji..this decision makes corrupted feel sad..
CNBC why asking from people when your journos are experts
Leave the Cow's alone, Gau rakshaks need them
Why share if agree ? Looks like a propaganda article.
Yeah but sir RSS doing divide and rule policy.... What about that haters
U people only show off.... do something u can show to the world hahahaha
In India, whether Marxism failed or Marxists failed ?
TOO  MUCH
Pls friends just tweet against noise pollution not Azaan or bhajan.
what is manufacturing date of the news -batch no of the news -cnbc tv 18 factory for market news -news auditing
ROFL!! Black Money on my name ?? Dude!! I'm a student from middle class family where my family is govt. primary school teacher! If you don't understand my statement, I can explain you.. Modi curbed existing Black Money!! But, It is not a great step to stop new black money creation!! Instead of 500s and 1000s, people will use 2000s to pay brides at govt. offices like RTO office,etc.,
''Kadi ninda'' What a cowardice word, can it bring our brave hearts back. Ministers never has been lost their owns. Why govt don't take strict   these terrorists (naxlites ).
Bhopal Singh Singh where ?? In Ethiopia??
Coming out like worms,as VVIP treatment not given?
MCG - Most Confused Government India has seen so far . Everyday new Guidelines keeping people guessing and under pressure
this time exit poll ans evm both are favouring bjp
No need to target you you are already finished you just fooled that kashiram now no more chance
If MNC 's products are tested why not Patanjali' s? Baba' s licence is divine and others mere mortals. God men can not become MNC heads.
Why dont they stop their minister kiran rijiju first?
Its harsh truth that wherever terrorism is present unfortunately its muslim associated with it. Even a country which was made on basis on Islam is also not immune to Islamic terrorism.
This applies to all religions, sir.
If procreation is immoral our existence is based on the very foundations of that immorality...
Nothing wrong in protecting any animal as per indian law but cant admit killing human for the same.
Pak Army intruded into Indian terrirtory, killed indian soldiers, had some laugh cup of tea with biscuits, mutilated their bodies and went back to their barracks, now tell me while this all rubbish was happening what were indian border forces doing watching mia khalifa and sunny leone?
why dont they distribute pork meat also
Agreed!
How about putting the water out instead of being negative.
Woh ket bhi deta hai aur india wale sochte rehte hai shame on u kerwahi bolte rehte hai ki kerenge kuch kerke raazi ni
I don't see any reason in my favor to pay the fee happily :/
Good achievements to Rajan, Bad to Modi, but reality it should go to Modi govt.
Correct.let cows vote for her too. We need people who live for people and nature.
Arey yaar forget about loan im worried for my  tax paid money which lying in bank..
Okay fine then. Muslims live happily in majboori in whole UP!!  Btw no one praise anyone in ""majboori""... No one becomes cashier in temple in ""majboori""
And the audience are on their feet.......moving towards the exit
Anna... Lokapal... does this word ring a bell to you?...
Mutko's exclusion from the election is due to a clampdown on government interference in football.
Well said
Again this paper showed its bias.shiv sena  could not win b.m.c  as they have 84 and b.j.p. has81 corporate elected.Bjp has a jump of 50 seats more than the last election and ss has only 9 more  seats this time. Then who has won.
😂😂😂where did it win... It's BJP who has won
relax buddy ..life is to be thrill ..do not become a insurance agent
He is our PM who has no ability to speak properly at International forum.
I thought he was good but this move douts my thinking
2019 is going to be vital for odisha too..the way I can see people are taking interest in national politics its good for the state as well as country..BJP should not let a single stone unturned to make the wave their side ..it wil really a cherry on the top of the cake if we win Odisha in 2019.. Chandan Panigrahi
Don't knw indian express ko itni footage kyun de rha iska...timepass stories
Moazzam Shaikh what about a dalit marrying your daughter ??...lol.....you speak alot of BS...arent you
It is because of people like these anti Indians Pakistan is trying to take advantage, high time give Pakistan their dues in their way.
Were the two soldiers who were killed and mutilated at the Line of Control in Jammu and Kashmir on Monday morning lured to the spot and then ambushed?
No. We want the ban nation wide including exports.
It tragic, and should not have happened. Condolences to the bereaved family. But what is happening in our own country, specially with our own North Eastern people is acceptable?
Answer should come from those NRI Bhakts of Trump who did prayer for him and donated millions of dollars
Brain Washed Hindu. BJP vote bank
and if he was kidnapped from iran why dont u ask iran to formally protest against Pakistan for his abduction
Sir everything is fine but please we can't manage more ... We are suffering because of cash.
He should stop singing as he also sing loudly with many kinds of musical instruments which are cause for more sound pollution.
You do nothing
Leave him alone. He wants to get back to academics. Tomato dal beans and other veggie is bringing tears in our eyes and u want to extemd his term to II, what good has he done
Yes against your version of secularism.
The person who was once banned in the nation, is being shown the utmost respect by the same lawmakers who once opposed him. Ram ke leela hai mere bhai
At least we got no isis sh|t here^ Only state with commies 😂
Ashish kr I have talked of cyber crime and not of physical loot by a criminal. Don't negate an idea by foolish example.
Kotak bank gives no option to change prefered phone number online, if you lost your number... It's so hard to change it again. and ur online transaction get affected.. Such a harassment. Also no help from Customer care.
A woman like her should have 10 babies. Her daughter is lucky.
We don't spend one hour and rush off from our puppies. :/ Tanvi Lolap
No one is stopping the people who don't have bank accounts from opening one. So why aren't you encouraging them to open bank accounts instead of complaining
Dont Blame on Religion.    India is a religious Country.    Be careful
I think it is blown over size for a normal comment!
Tough competiton to RE :D :P Bajaj do u have Rahul Gandhi syndrome?
So it's might be something like gujrath riot's??
A surgical strike India is itself confessing while Pakistan says we didn't do it. That takes gutts. 😱
Are they trying to create the bike out of WITCHCRAFT?
It's not easy to cut their heads if u are more interested in that do surgical strike again but plxxx do it with proof so dt ur film directors can make a movie on dt .............  Ur jawans r Patanjeli projects Hahahahahah
Disgrace there are no intellects in the current Indian politics.
Jio ka network pahle tej karo sar ji Kyoki wo 2G se bhi kharab chal rha hai
Those who were crying of jungle raaj are now blaming the police officers who are  acting against them.... Current situation is a real jungle raaj...
Get away you communists 😂😂😂 we don't need you. You anti-nationals are a stain on India.
Salman Ahmed,,bas economy bare bola,,why should not u comment on killing ppl in turkey,, christians r wiped,  kurdis,yazidi murder
BJP if you want again bjp government in future than do something  of pakistan
if u would like to do something great , u do greatest that Gambhir army had done , what to say about woaks no words just feel
Do u understand english or not ? Hav i ever discussed abt religion here ?
Another Vinod Kumar Binni.
Kashim was part of India befor ISLAM was born and it will be part of India after pakistan is merged with India.
Dominar is like john cena.. you can't see him.. xo
Muslims be Mindfully aware Holy Quran #Honors YOU to be the best of human kind and Honor comes with responsibility it's not a peace of cake. YOU will be #Tested aggressively strictly as the test examination of a Doctorate Phd student is Harder than BS college Graduate and BSG test n exam is harder than HSG school graduate.  #Quran:3:110 كُنتُمْ خَيْرَ أُمَّةٍ أُخْرِجَتْ لِلنَّاسِ تَأْمُرُونَ بِالْمَعْرُوفِ وَتَنْهَوْنَ عَنِ الْمُنكَرِ وَتُؤْمِنُونَ بِاللَّهِ وَلَوْ آمَنَ أَهْلُ الْكِتَابِ لَكَانَ خَيْرًا لَّهُم مِّنْهُمُ الْمُؤْمِنُونَ وَأَكْثَرُهُمُ الْفَاسِقُونَ  #Muslims You are (the) best (of) people raised for the mankind - enjoining the right and forbidding [from] the wrong and believing in Allah. And if believed (the) People (of) the Book surely would have been good for them. Among them (are) [the] believers, but most of them (are) defiantly disobedient.
Hashanah...CNBC would have helped giving him some money...They seem to be very logical with this post... :-D
Debasis pigs are haram to muslims because they are filthy animals while cow is haram for hindus because they claim it mother god.in islam all animals are animals and there is no god status is given to other than only Allah
Muslims are great and will remain great in this world and the other world , Terrorism does not belong to Muslims , it belongs to non Muslims or those who just use Muslim tag but don't know a little about islam.
Even if you want, where is the strength. Hypocrisy at its peek
sonu is right
When will take him and give similar treatment... most deserving !!
no one plays sankh on loudspeaker
So what is Pak trying to establish? the soldiers fainted and broke their skulls and the hovering vultures and animals pecked off?It only shows the degree of hate for Indians and army, while we unabashedly admire their artists and entertain pak citizens in our soil and call ourselves broadminded, huh!
Go and protest at Delhi for ur formers..
As charity begins from Home,  so do the white wash if black money....
Quit corruption will not stop by this way people are finding their ways
Anna is now silent on lok pal same baba ram dev is silent on black money and pm silent on giving rs 15 lakhs to all citizens.
""bizzare economic policy""  Shall we start talking of demonetisation?
A person who is not able to look after the needs of his own mother.....will look after the nation????
Sultan Ahmad you are so illiterate going by this logic usa and russia should be best friends cuz both have a majority population of catholics
What are you doing Hazare ji? Why you are keeping mum now. You were shouting your lungs out till BJP came to power. Do you think now India is completely free of corruption?
India must release phantom-2 to take revenge, :D in which raw officer Katrina will kill 20 PK soliders :D LOL!!!
JNU is overrated too
One wrong decision to elect a wrong person Mamta Banerjee sparked Bengal
Asif Khan politics and terrorism are separate issues, please don't mix by saying andhbhakt.
#ExpressOpinion Is there any wrongdoing in reminding an accused that he owes some love to his country?
It's quite predictable from a Communist
It's his opinion, let him exercise his freedom of expression
He is the one who got slaps by SRK 😁😁😭
What do you know about Yogi Adityanathji? People have pre conceived notions about Modiji and yogiji without even verifying the facts They base their opinions on the biased media.They should have an open mind and read about what yogiji has done in his constituency and how so many muslims support him.what a sorry state of our so called intellectuals although I refuse to call them intellectuals.They are a misguided lot
Greatest melancholy is what, More than half of the persons sitting in front of you are admirers of Black money.
If a substitute of any medicine is given to a patient and patient suddenly collapse who will be blamed ? Medical store or doctor or someone else
One of the worst title given by Indian Express and these days this has become habit of Indian express to put their own mind in every topic.
Mutilating the dead bodies is a war crime under Geneva Conventions. Allegations of Pakistani forces mutilating the two Indian soldiers today are serious and should be investigated impartially. Indian soldiers in the past themselves have been involved in mutilating the dead bodies, not just of combatants but civilians too. In March 2000 at Pathribal, 5 civilians were killed in a stage managed encounter and their bodies burnt, to avoid recognition. The CBI investigation charged a present Indian army General as an accused but army scuttled the prosecution. All such war crimes should be investigated and the culpable punished, whether Pakistani army, Indian army or even militants.
No need of selecting we have elected Modi now itself...
Its just a publicity stunt ...y v r fighting here 4 someones disgusting fault.??? First of all v all r human beings n came in dis world by one parent....now if they were hindu den v all r hindu n if they were muslim den v all muslims or others.  If someone saying something to Allah den its muslims fault who dosnt tell him about  ISALM is dat religion which called SANATAN DHARM in india.
They were not rigid in religion, but things are changing now.
Kumar Gaurav It's good for you atleast you wake up at 5am in morning
Boycott Indian express
So, only Modi will be eligible.
Ye jabab kab milega modi je nhi to bol digiye aap se nhi hoga to hum log h pakistan murdabad
Raza sahab is one of the creation of Media and RSS.
My parents were working couple , that didn't deter to spend quality time with us , Mira Rajput should refrain from talking something that doesn't make sense . Why don't she carry her daughter when she attend parties with her hubby ????? Or sit back at home n look after her kid ?
Time to ban all bykes.  Most of the murder cases  murderers used two wheelers.
it is loud and clear you are A, RSS man
Be positive Indian Express. Grow up
Keep barking dude.
time for luxury ......relay the program in luxury time .....  is that sushma swaraj is the right candidate for president ....?   what about her fitness ...under gone kidney transplantation ....sir give some rest for sushma ji
Remove modi's face from every banner existed in every peṭrol pump and advartisment too if you are not completely sold, SEC
And there is no human right violation? No human right brigade will come out and cry for these soldiers
Isn't Delhi police under Union Home Ministry? He should blame Rajnath Singh ji and Kiran Rijiju
You said it right
It's good but VIPs r nt suffering only common people r suffering
2Min of Azan *5 Times = 10min 10min * 30days= 300 mins/ 5hrs, 5hrs* 12months= 60 hrs/ less than 3 days  That also in 2min installments , Many Hindu festivals where continuity 3 to 5 days Bhajan n Chanting can be heard , polluting Air ,water n soil, even Many Traffick is due to such festivals But we muslims never protested not seen it as in Communal colour... This shows their hatred for Muslims.
We were using Cola n Pepsi for toilet cleaning n it worked!!!! But after some days due to cola effect toilets tiles got more vulnerable... Now SBI wants from us to drink this holy water as a part of digital revolution!!!😜😜😜
Stupid media like you are the big issue for india... the loss you mentioned is something from foreign investment? Or some production loss? It's old people's money goes to government so that politicians can enjoy ... 😡😡😡⚠️
Another joker, with poems, which will not understand by Delhi people's or kejrewal, all wants a meals of full ingredients, as they are michievents
good decision by the father! killer of innocents doesnt deserve a respectable burial.he should be put before vultures if he was traitor.
Don't disrespect puppies...
What about Lokpal, old man???
Hahahahaha. Begged from Israhell.  Where is Agni and Prethvi.
A wise man....he foresaw d agenda of this upstart Kejriwal who stabbed his back to derail   d movement
Pls improve sound quality,it is toonlow
But indirectky join bjp
Yes u r correct.. Nehru was one man   Indira Gandhi was one woman Narsimha RAI was appreciated one Man Maun  Mohan (I mean Maun) was Remote controlled by one lady  You old casanova ..you are a .an of many women.. what rights have you to comment on Daring ONE MAN
i found news camourflaged since a decade. i miss good news !
Happiness is the least valued stuff in India...
Poor step taken by you mr narwndra modi !! The intentions  might be right bt the execution was very poor
So sad , today we commoner require the basic facility  and not the Bullet Train, so many security personal employed to protect the elected criminal Netas and the facilities provided to them even after their tenure is very disheartening  ....when will we rise up?
Giving  lolypop
People having no brains do not understand this man.. he is the only hope for India... guys wake up!!!
Bcz v r frm d nation of gandhiji. V dun afraid of firing or fighting etc but v believe in peace. U wl not gonna undstnd d value of it.
Save the cows kill the humans! Save the uppercaste and kill the dalith with kerosene,  Kill all the Muslim's take their mughal language to the Thorne! Kill the Christians tag them converts shits and joins hands with Israel!. Call it Hindustan and break the beauty of unity in diversity ! Kill the farmers and make digital food ! Cut the tress and enograte new tourist spot! Fighting to stop terrorism By encouraging communal fights inside the country !!  👌👌👌
I am waiting the time when shree modi will shut the mouth of all bludy opponents.
Anna ji u stil hv time y don't u join #bakwasjumlaParty may b dey appointe u as presidential candidate 😂 😂 😂
The big myth on tax payers in India Data from a Chartered Accountants group....... Mr Jetly said during his budget speech that we are largely a tax compliant society and presented that only 3.7 crores are  filling ITRs in this poor country with 125 crore population .  The reply by CAs :   Sir,  We have 82 crore voters   - 75% are agriculturists ,61.5 crores ( You exempted them directly but, they can also buy cars , bunglows etc as you quoted.. your political counterparts are also enjoying this)   Balance.......... 20.5 crores   Less: 24% BPL class ( Below poverty line)  15 crore population ( which is non agriculturist and non BPL) ..   Less : Senior Citizens, Non working wives, unemployed youths, below taxable income earners...political class..(say 75%) ... in a typical indian family only 1 earning member and 5/6 are dependent on him....  Balance (15-11.25)=3.75 crores is the earning class ... which can file ITRs and ... they are already filling it....   .... so almost no gap as Mr Jetly is stressing unnecessarily without knowing his country🤓😝😱  if Looser Jetly wants more people's to come into tax net ...then... instead foolishly resorting to only rampant raids, surveys...notices... scrutiny ..... demonetisations etc etc terrorism ... he should defy his negative bureaucrats and .......  1. Introduce simple Income Tax on Agricultural Income on large landlords ( Say 10 Acres plus ) - you can add 26% of Agriculturists as tax payers ( Politicians are also enjoying this )  2. Instead of introducing 5000/10000 penalties on late filers of IT return ... Come out with positive approach and introduce incentives to IT return filers ( learn from Pakistan, IT assessee gets discount in purchase of Car )  3. Introduce Privilege card to  those paying taxes above certain limit.. privilege card to entitle assessee with benefits like Priority quota in railway tickets , Use of airport lounges, subsidised medical facilities, etc etc... *let Tax payers feel proud*  4. Introduce medica
What is good government  Central government needs to make 5 crore government jobs with in 2020 then only we build the strongest economic development what is good budget 1$= 50 Rs , Gold 1 gram - 1500 Rs, Diesel 1 liter -- 25 Rs ,  petrol - 1 liter - 50 Rs  GST rate- 5%,10% 15%, 20%.
Politicians are like diapers. They need to be changed often and for the same reason.
And u r people  terrorist  killing hindus
Two things anna hazarey want r game and fame!
If UPA failed in curbing black money what about NDA now, how rich people able to convert and stash black money in new notes? Is it not failure ?
Dont use the word martyre for non muslim. Its specific for Muslim only. Use travelling to hell instead of martyre.
Why the media is not showing the other face of his video, he is not slamming Ak personally but conveying his msg to all the political parties and requesting the governance to be done in an order to protect the interest and dignity of the  nation . Media is not itself caring about nation , it just want a issue on nation so that it can give it an Angle of political rivalry. It is good AAP has retweet ed it they too know here this should not be concerned with political gaming then why you disgusting people taking it to a different path.
यातो सेना को बोर्डर छोड़ देना चाहिए या फिर दिल्ली में पड़े दलालो को मार कर तख्ता पलट करना चाहिए
It's time to check the marketing bozos
Why is he is not going after the big guys who have taken 1.13 lakh crores in loan and have not paid their loans. Ambani, Adani, Malya, Gali Janardhan etc
Police is not safe in UP. Army should form police safety squad to save UP police.
means every honda genset you have to try 99 times -finally it will start
Muslim have right for 4wifes and 40 children and triple tlaq and many of things first of all stop this nonsense things then u deserve for this reservation
A person whose party doesn't trust him to be a party president, dreams to be Prime Minister. A guy who is on bail for 5000 crore scam,  teaches modi lesson over corruptions and economics.
simply say he 'spoke' , that itself is a news... why bothering with unwanted details..
Of course, when majority community is so bad, that they even have problem to rent house to Muslims. When fanancial status of Muslims is degrading for their business not running, not getting enough jobs in private sector etc, then it's government duty to give reservation, and act as role model.
She should ask her nanny or cleaner lady who is a mom to several kids what she would prefer.. to take care of Misha or be home with her own kids. Privileged people like her should never be interviewed..
Weather he is confused or he is confusing country saying they would have did it in 71 now you implemented you are seeing the consequences of implementing.
Why would India buy jets that are already outgunned and has limited range?
BJP will not do anything to protect women in MP and Rajasthan top listed rape State ,but talking about giving justice in UP
We don't want to hear old stories. You are in power now and you do justice to the common people. That is all we want from you.
He has to do something to kill time and that's what he does.
India was divided on the basis of religion but Nehru made her Secular for his benefits.  He is at the root of most of the problems that this country is facing now.  Secularism is nothing but a very effective tool for appeasement of minorities for the sake of electoral politics.
Its like he has mugged up what he has to say
it should be conceded that IITs are too much of an intellectual luxury .  They are expected to create more technocrats and scientist and Engineers.  I dare say more 80 % of the IITIANS are in non technical jobs.  Mostly in finance and banking and marketing.  The government should view that seriously.  Only the hardcore engineering aspirants must be given seats in IITS.  Successive RBI governors are IITIANS.
Hang these bloody drunken drivers in public and seize the buses.
You disowned your trusted soldier kasab.  Osama remained in your country and you did not resist when they were captured alive by american forces in your own country.  Hence world knows that your country is full of pigs and you have been in denial mode and you will perish one day and will be wiped out of the globe
Duplicate Gandhi...
He doesn't deserve train too.
There are  no two power centres in the centre at present .As was during your rule.Hence govt is performing well. Beyond your imagination.
Yeah I was infact wondering if she even understands what neo feminism is all about . I doubt if she understands the concept completely.  Having said that I also feel there is too much scrutiny she is being subjected to. I don't understand why is everone obsessing over her so much .Leaving her alone probably would be the right thing to do ?
Stop killing Innocent Kashmiri.....   Its Pak Army befitting reply to Rundians.....
Good action by Pakistan to give ABP news to chamchagiri the BJP
Massive win??? Frame your sentence properly ...lol
Please somebody let him speak a full sentence. Even if he stammers or Say's nonsense we should promote ""tolerance"" We should not turn our back towards a ""differently able"" political leader he represents a number of people
This is nt ur IQ .... BUT IT UR HATERED TO PARTY... IN WHICH U R BLIND
I feel it
Icici bank only rich people bank....not he was Middle people bank
Poor and powerless in any form always exploited.
Bjp & ss made conspiracy to gain sympathy of voters.
Anna  ginn will comeout before every election against AAP. :)
RIP Brother
Mr. Naresh Aggarwal - Your advice to BJP as not to compromise on Law & Order  is the  joke of the century. Are you really serious?
Kashmir is muslims country that doesnt mean we thrash non muslms
Yaa I am frustrated because they r doing inhumanity time and again and wht v r doing...... Peace or something like peace......Exactly all r doing politics and nothing. But solider's life should be on priority and other issues r secondary. When leaders will understand this.
India will  be  100 parsant cashless in 2017
Remember chittisinghpura massacre Authorities initially blamed the gory incident, in which 35 men were killed, on separatist militants only to be contradicted by CBI.  http://www.deccanchronicle.com/nation/current-affairs/190316/kashmiri-sikhs-demand-re-investigation-into-massacre-of-35-men-at-chattisinghpora.html
you have to laugh at these trolls mohsin
She belongs to a privileged class thats all I can say.. A lot of mothers who are working try to juggle both home and work and do it very efficiently. And still spend quality time with their kids. Also who said a puppy needs one hour.. Try having one :)
BJP's arrogance, and who is responsible ?  People in millions hv voted for Modi. Nw face d music.
Nope! Unless you've always got a stop loss. Though options are very risky. :P
Neel I have a question,  when Godhra Kand  happen then also how can BJP was winning the state again and again.
Humans life is important than animals assaulting nd abusing them for the sake of an animal is not right bro
But no cash in ATMs
Dear Indian Express, I feel sorry to write that your journalists are out there to misinterpret events and present them in a distorted manner just to make some sensational headlines. The news about upcoming singer Nahid Afreen has been prepared without proper research and investigation. It was very sad to see that your journalists don't even know the difference between fatwa and appeal.  A fatwa is a non-binding legal opinion issued only by a qualified jurist (Mufti) on a request by someone who is unable to understand religious guidelines whereas the leaflet that is being circulated and presented as Fatwa is just a hard copy of an appeal signed by 46 men who believe in religious practices. The merit of appeal can be discussed on many grounds and in many dimensions but first and foremost, an appeal can not be called a legal opinion (Fatwa).  We expect apology from your side for such a mistake.  http://indianexpress.com/article/india/fatwa-issued-against-reality-singing-star-nahid-afrin-by-42-clerics-4569825/
haha...thats means ur are excuses..the bottom line demonktization is flop idea....120+ deaths,GDP of india dexreased by 2%,nither the bank or Govt know how much money  got into bank,where is black money?where is swiz bank holders?
We Minority r not more safe in our country....when minister can lie on floor of parliament than i dont thjng anything more is left to understand
मेरे दलाल भाई , निंदा करते है कड़ा जबाब देंगे .... ये सुनते सुनते कान पक गए  है ज़रा ये बता दो कारवाही कब होगी ?????????????
Communist Donkey
Very Humane Air line - Air India - Thank You
Why is state public schools are so poor in quality education and central govts Kendriya Vidyalayas giving national toppers!  there should be will our state institutions are result of fault of politicians and public servants and also our own lack of awareness.
since when loudspeakers were used for centuries
Illness? Didn't modi said that surgery was done because our economy was healthy?
Why is CNBC broadcasting BJP's internal meeting? Does it do it for every political party? #PaidMedia
The narrative is meant for all of us ...encouraging us to look beyond our political affiliations however the coverage and reactions show that we never can!
Airtel is useless
wonder why a decent dinner in a decent restaurant can not happen via credit/debit cards
Every one supported the PM move. Concentrate 30th Dec 2016 no nonsense please. People supported DEMONETIZATION now just proof you are correct. No buttering and chamchagiri. People should not suffer beyond a limit
Hao theek hai uncle....i also wasted my precious time for you...i was interested in to politics only because of you..and now you are playing in the hands of most destructive political ideology.
Dear Indian Express, I feel sorry to write that your journalists are out there to misinterpret events and present them in a distorted manner just to make some sensational headlines. The news about upcoming singer Nahid Afreen has been prepared without proper research and investigation. It was very sad to see that your journalists don't even know the difference between fatwa and appeal.  A fatwa is a non-binding legal opinion issued only by a qualified jurist (Mufti) on a request by someone who is unable to understand religious guidelines whereas the leaflet that is being circulated and presented as Fatwa is just a hard copy of an appeal signed by 46 men who believe in religious practices. The merit of appeal can be discussed on many grounds and in many dimensions but first and foremost, an appeal can not be called a legal opinion (Fatwa).  We expect apology from your side for such a mistake.
Did Sushma tell him to go to his Holy country to meet a PEACEFUL END ???
modiji apko kuchha nahi karna he to bharat ki janta ko chhut dedo or bharat ka har admi  pakistan me gus kar mare
Where's is Modi and the cow supporters the bjp politician need some booting
Totally agree with him
Noor Shehzadi haha   bollywood  shame....saif ali  khan
Yeah!  Very true  but I think u don't know these Pakistanis are coward they feel happiness in these!  They nurture terrorism in their country,  they are so jobless and coward tht they keep finding ways to mess with India,  tht's why inside their country poor,  innocent children are killed by their own terrorists,  instead of thinking about development they keep finding ways to throw bomb and kill people!  They are kids,  they should grow up!
Indian express is an anti Hindu publication ..always biased..!!!!
Now Kejriwal comments, those 45% who doesn't come out for voting , they boycott EVM.. hahahaha... Mr Arvind Ji, AAP is over
Killing people be it Sanghi or Red can't be an affair of a particular state. The Left must be made accountable for the killings.
You are right Kuldeep Ji but it is not them alone,some rats were consumed by those Hindu brothers also who left on Jagmohan's advice,why and how you know.I wish all our Hindu brothers back in valley and may God let us together live in peace.
Railways must ban him to travel in train as well....
We r with you sir go ahead and also do one more thing by side to check all private school for why r they taking so much high fees with yearly raise more then 10 - 20%.
for the first time in two years of government he is speaking sense
what about your concerts where loudspeakers r used thoooooooooo
Cane Shiv Sena Cadres for Hating Humanity,Love and Peace.. Bloody Talibanis!
Is this what we call saffronising of India...
Everyone wants being backward..every needs reservation then why do you all cry about not being developed??
So what if he's a great singer?
Yogi adityanath should be cm candidate from bjp side.......bjp do not trust yogi adityanath or fear of yogi in national politics.....adwani was hardcore hindu but modi was more than adwani...  if yogi got huge support from ppl then modi chair will be in danger
3 porotta + double bullseye + beef roast with diced onions
Anna Hazare you are not a Gandhian, you are a BJPian.
I seems that u r only the loyal person on the planet........
Stupid Indian s
Modi and his ministers don't believe in degrees so they forge fake ones
Corruption is spread in this country like blood cancer. If one has cancer at a particular location in the body, we can get rid of cancer by removing that part. If whole body is affected by cancer, how difficult it would be to remove cancer from the body?
if nothing to say,maintain the silence.
What wrong he spoke  simply I dn't understand those who are trolling him. Disturbing  very badly others by name of God ,is it reasonable?
As if congress is allowing centre  to say anything....
Modiji lets focus on the Employment and Controlled Privatization along with Demonetaization
Whatever you say is correct from point of humanity but not support reality. If we give away Kashmir to Pakistan problem will not be solved. There are Hindus Sikh Shia also as well some Kashmiri Muslim who don't want to go with Pakistan . Will Pakistan allow free country never we already allowed them 1947. But 75 year we r protecting them under UN resolution from Pakistan n supported if it will merge with india after referendum but in that case also many Pandit n non Muslim hav forceful expelled n genocides to make them majority. Only solution if pak will free Kashmir.
I strongly condemn killing of Indian soldiers.Humanity has died it is shameful act.
Jio is standing to watch ur mokka song why they are shouting
Sonu is absolutely right..
you people make money in any news ...see the advantage of the media
She's all of 24 or something. It's fine ya ☺️
Who is responsible for corruption in this Country . It is politicians n their parties.Politicians would continue to take advantage of the loopholes obtaining in our system to promote parties n encourage their children to take to politics.Politics is a profession in this Country and not for service.The system encouraged. While we are with PM for his bold step care should have been taken to see that minimum inconvenience is caused to Sr Citizens,Women and Rural Society. Banks should have been advised to work for 7 days in week with no holidays for 3 months from the date of announcement.One day in a week should have been reserved for Sr.Citizens and one day exclusively for women. It is not late to introduce Pls do to get our full support for demonetisation
Get it- Taslima Nasrin is a prostitue.
But i was really happy when no one attended funeral of yakub Memon
With all the respect mam, if she is kid she should behave like that. speaking on such a sensitive issue and when being criticized then saying I m a kid and use her father's martyr status as defense is not good. Other students there in universities are also kid.
He may assault the animals too.
Y don't u bring political parties under RTI and IT
Dont target Islam d purest religion for ur fame and publicity tweeting abt  Azaan (d call for prayer ).....Fear Allah D Day if Judgement is closer....
WoWow super speech y don't u support when u Rae in cm
We don't know.  We just wants revenge.  This is not fare.
Luk who's talking abt cultural talks
JSW the same group considered to have taken NAMO to Pakistan on Nawazs' birthday..!!? Has it come out of iron-ore and coalgate SCAMS.? Wt is latest on CBI investigation ??
Many doubting Yogi-Adityanath ! Why?  Why darpok-HINDUs are so scared of our own man? Why ru so self-loathing? Self-doubting. They are thoroughly brainwashed by presstitute-media !  Even Kujliwal, even ModiJi was a first timers... Why it's a responsibility of BJP to address liberals expectations?  Who will rescue HINDUs in UP? Look at this Shocking incident!  https://m.facebook.com/ShankhNaad/photos/a.118146701658320.18858.107229389416718/928709467268702/?type=3
BJP doing cheap politics
Who the heck is he?
rajdeep this news for you ...my living robot in NDTV
Donkey bab
Patience...! Patience..! And Patience required at this point of time..!👍🏻👍🏻
There was another American who jumped in and got injured to save this guy(not sure how many Indians will do that for a stranger). If we see one example and start calling everyone terrorist , are we any different from the shooter.
I'm eagerly waiting for the day when Airtel gets a taste of its shady practices.    It's really sad how TRAI continues to shield the big shot Mittal while he merrily loots the public with deceiving tariffs, inflated bills and poorest network.  By the way,  Vodafone scrapped roaming charges months ago, so perhaps the media should act a little less blind and stop giving some companies fodder for publicity.
Crude oil down but petrol high wow wat a governance
Are they warning in some other warn on the issues to come over this new product?
Intelligent people will never praise him. ..we are wasting your 5 year's. ...what he has promised & what he is doing. ....
Whole India vl support you , except black money ppl vl against you
Only Pakistani not like u Modi Ji but u are great man hat's of u sir
Anna what the #### r u doing. Why no protest now
Finally earth will be relaxed little ...atleast 1 ton less
She calling the bike as if it's a human being
Omer Majeed what else can you expect from the people who hate Islam and Muslims from the core?
If you choose pappu you are going to get laddu... throw him out it might save congress
You should join BJP
Pitty for you guys... 90%hindus are non veg...😂😂😂 . Oh buthurted.. many of hindus also eat pork... Much more proteinous then otherwise... What can you do is just pasing  comments on beef..  you laugh on our religious beliefs.. but you don't look at yours...😂😂😂😂 72 virgins 4 wifes.. and all those stufs
The body should be burnt or fed to vultures, howsoever brutal, uncivil or barbaric it may sound so that some deterrent comes in for these idiots who think for 72 after killing others.😠👊
Why is it that most of the posts these days are asking students to chill out instead of working hard when they can. Because you chose to pick up the answer of someone trying to dropout over 100 other answers who made it big from IITs. Kind of shameful.
This is very odd considering Kuwait is a Muslim country!!
Ammar Anas, feeling jealous?
The father has spoken bravely and now it is the country's turn to support him and other loyal Indians like him and actively garner their support to deradicalise the few who are unfortunately involved in anti-national activities.
And you are selling it to foreigners..
Ya we need to come out from religious thought and think about imposed things which are not either for environment and nor for the human kind...social and religious reform is necessary...
Rajan is power full persio.But govt.no second term desion. swami is not good rajia sabha member.
Afg shd be ready to pay for cost of Indian friendship
I support Sonu.
There is a widespread misconception that working mothers are working for becoming a CEO.... It's nt the case they are struggling to meet the ends so that thier kid also have the best in live.... While at office all mothers think about thier kids what they ate what they doing ....  Feeling of mother dosent change with stay at mom or working ... Mother is mother always... And no one is superior over other... It's the circumstances that makes make somr one stay at mom or other working sooo ita purely individual opinion .... If ur daughter works when she grows up and handles family will anyone still give gyan... So let mothers decide what is best rather than stereotyping
Message to Opposition Leaders in Indian Politics, Rahul, Akhilesh, Mamtaji, Mayawatiji, Laluji, Nitish Kumarji, Manmohan Singhji and Owaisi change your strategy of politics in India only politics of Hatred & Intolerance, Apartheid, Racism, Discrimination, Fake Encounter, Mob-Violence, ISI Agency, Demonetization Money Laundering, Tripple Talaq, Cow Vigilantes, Ram Mandir and EVM tampering works can you manage your self n your party members in expertise in all these fields than only you can survive or just take rest #Wanvas from politics because people of India deserves these type of Administration
Swollen cheeks...he should retire or pack up and find a tolerant country elsewhere.
Even pattewala of Kejriwal will be better than Kejriwal. Look how many times Kejriwal has regretted his decision. Thank god he did not become surgeon or pilot.
Election commision fail
Yess thats we want...come on pick Rahul Baba as a challenger in 19 😂😂😂😂
indian space mission to find water in the planet earth ----> dum dum give me gum gum -cnbc tv 18
Problem will solve wait, this is a biggest issue, once we have suffer
Puppies should be left alone? ?😠
Blady pofk, brainless pig is more better then this fatty
even tahir sons strikerate is greater than dhoni.///haha
Mr vinit Sharma .. do you really know what you are commenting?
Sir please now work towards reservation.It is a big demon in our country
Removong of Red light on car does not mean that V.I .P.culture is finished .  Mentality  of   V.I.P. culture should be discourahed
Someone tell her navratri happens for only 9 days a year not 1825 times a year..
Not agree with Anna. Now why not any movement for lokpal.kya ye bhee modi bhakt ho gaye hai ?
All you do is nothing and then crib.
Good job sir but cash dispersement should have beenin a better way so that common man shall have least impact.
Shut that speaker soon i might find a relative around but i won't visit if temple interrupts my sleep, plz
ManMohan singh is no doubt 'Dhritarashtra ' after feeding on Congress salt
This is very true..Along with the Society, Even the MNCs feel, that talent lies only in the IITians and so they only prefer them instead of choosing the even more talented non-IITians.. Not to forget, even IITs have a caste-based Reservation while giving admissions
Dear Indian Express, I feel sorry to write that your journalists are out there to misinterpret events and present them in a distorted manner just to make some sensational headlines. The news about upcoming singer Nahid Afreen has been prepared without proper research and investigation. It was very sad to see that your journalists don't even know the difference between fatwa and appeal.  A fatwa is a non-binding legal opinion issued only by a qualified jurist (Mufti) on a request by someone who is unable to understand religious guidelines whereas the leaflet that is being circulated and presented as Fatwa is just a hard copy of an appeal signed by 46 men who believe in religious practices. The merit of appeal can be discussed on many grounds and in many dimensions but first and foremost, an appeal can not be called a legal opinion (Fatwa).  We expect apology from your side for such a mistake.
After Modi became PM, these are happening, 1. The economy is going down the drain 2. Pakistan is killing soldiers at its whim 3. Kashmir has returned back to the 1990s 4. Naxals are on rampage. 5. Nepal and Srilanka are now friends of China. 6. Cows safety and medical treatment are more important than our women and children safety 7. Anti national voices have gone up etc
Media we want to see the first part as well before people start judging who is right n wrong
Rekha Banerji U diverted from my question. How can Muslims be happy when u see every other day innocent muslims getting lynched by hindutva mobs. The criminals don't even get punished that is why it is happening with impunity.
He speaks when Set top box troubles on bad weather. There are many kids channels don't worry.
For going cashless there was no need to ban currency. These schemes if launched without demonitization would have also had effect
In kerela. Hindus may be Majority.  But not like other states. There  All religion ppl are in almost same population .  There being a Hindu is communal and being other religion is secularism. CPI making hindus as atheists. Only kerela ppl knows it. Its like next Kashmir.
Maybe keralites eats infants as well along with beef and pork ?
You r screwing up our country.... first control corruption of your own leaders...... venkayyanaidu is one of the most corrupted leaders.... stop them first and talk about progress.... idiotic modi
How can farmers go into digitalization as there is no internet or phone connection in many rural areas..
it doesnt matters....there are 72 more waiting for him...😂😂😂..
Dear government....if you don't act now...you will start losing people's confidence.....its high time our sentiments are reciprocated
Vvip category ki privileges milti. Par main aaram se tuo nahi baithta. Tum jaison ko UP se ukhad fainkta jaisa UP valon ne bhi  kia hai iss election main. Par why i m calling it as lucarative career? Because still our so many brothers and sisters will come and stand with you blindly.....even after knowing your truth.
Well said Sonu nigam.
Sarkar fail conges fail bjp fail. Kaha he 1sir ke badle 10 sir kahahe Pakistan ke. Indian Army come on
Dominar, LOL come-on bajaj at least think of a better name.
Rishabh could this headline be any more misleading
सरकार सिर्फ सत्ता के लिए जुमलेबाजी करती है एक सिर के बदले सौ सिर लानेबाली सरकार है जुमलेबाज सरकार
Indian express did it again ...have some moral please
Ha ha ha same as Bihar exit polls
Akshay Kumar also posted a video of his daughter feeding milk to stray cats.......  Sir 'chamcha' give some pennies to street children  that they cud feed their stomach
The quality of re made now makes me think it is something to be bought from fish market
No discrimination in policies and NON protectionism  is perhaps the fundamentals of SECULARISM.  E nd reservations  on the basis of caste  Religion and communities to understand the essence  of SECULARISM.
After seeing your comment guys.. I think sonu nigam is right cause you guys can only troll all religions..
What has so far Mr.Yechuri done for this Country. Ask him to shut down his bloody piehole  for good or I if given the chance will crap on his mouth hole.
SONIA SHENOY.....A KONKONI.....WRONGLY INTERPRETES HER AS A MUMBAIKAR....33 YEARS.......IN A SERIOUS BUSINESS CHANNEL SHE ACTS AS IF SHE IS IN A ENTERTAINMENT CHANNEL.......PLEASE DONT SHOW YOUR UCHA UCHA DAAT......LEARN IT FROM EKTA BATRA AND RIMA TENDULKAR.......
If you want to construct a smooth road you have to remove garbage and it's difficult. If you want go on highway you have to come out from street. Some problems are necessary to enter in next class. 👌👌🏻👍👍✔👍🏼☑
Phantom 2 under production where Saif Ali Khan will avenge this mutilation by killing 100s of Pak soldiers.
Nothing can change your attitude towards muslim even your own religion.
Even i didn't watch dangal till now but this movie pulled me in theatre n its a gem in Indian cinema...
Puppies are way more important
Is there any end to bother pill
I am a Hindu. And i actually find the azaan very peaceful. Infact wen one is crying the whole night , the morning azaan makes you realise you are not alone and God is there. You dont have to be a muslim to realise dat.
now , in reply to ur comment is that ur comment is totally irrelevant to this issue. or u r pampering the killing ?
It's like immature statement its not that BJP win or loose just for sake of 2 days why BJP pay heavy money to channels as results will fall in 2 days illogical
Good wishes for ...All family and friends and worldwide f.b.frnds brahmanjan parivaarjan  Good wishes for gareeb kamjoor wargh ke logo dharm ke avatari purshv.....Yogi Aditya Nath C.M. Pt kunjbihari vashishith famous Astrologer Modinagar
What was he doing with Pistols and ammunition? doing pooja in that room?
You do not have any issues with central party. Your fake dialogue for the Ruling central party.
Bad...........
Kick out all Bangladesh people from bengal and kick out Manama too
It seems, the state as well as the center have no concern for Kashmir. They want the chaos to continue and can fool all of India.
Very True, if a Hindu do his rituals it's his right, these Moulvis bring Muslims to this stage, that's the reason nobody respect them anymore
Look around you we are not only in India we are all over the world.
Sir for descent dinner u can use plastic money if it is earned in descent way
I'm ready to tolerate the agony of these queue 50 years more to see the INDIA what we need, what u promissed and what we deserve.. I'm with u respected PM.
Its only trust, no vote required..
Kevin S Karkera,,,its your choice to play bhajans ,who is stopping you from playing them five times
There are many reasons why women choose to work, money may be just one of them and may be not even one of them. Why to be judgmental about what is right and what is wrong? Each to its own. Working mothers can also be great mothers and stay at home moms can be also not so great mothers. There cannot be any generalisation based on what women choose to do in their life
The inability of the government to protect all women is the actual reason for the rise of violence against women.  first put your house in order
Tell baba ramdev to introduce condoms in his wide range of products.let him feature in his own commercial.
Happiiness with people like you in this country.
Why he never spoke in parliament... he should have talked all this in parliament and should have answered the question. What nation has achieved by this move, how much black money has been declared by hoarders and how many have been caught and brought to books, how many big industrialist and corporates and politicians and big govt officials declared their black money...  Black money is still being generated and some of it is being caught everyday and a lot of BJP members themselves are being caught - this shows that this move will never be able to control future generation of black money.  Black money should be wiped out, hoarders should be punished but this move will deliver non of that. It is like, to treat cancer doctor is prescribing cough & cold medicine.   This is will not solve the problem of our nation.
Emotional & honest people like you have no place in politics
#BeyondTheNews | Sidelining the local leadership was the major mistake BJP made in Bihar where it had to face a humiliating defeat in 2015.
What you sow, so you reap! When things worse than this happens to the common man, the government is hardly bothered. Tiwari go and complain to your Home Minister, Rajnath. See if he can help!  What goes round, comes round. Now, it is your turn.
Going by any logic shirish cannot be successful even he is from film industry& cannot grow up if he is around logical person.
ANNA IS NOT MENTIONED IN THE CASE OF LOKPAL  GAURAKSHAK AND BJP POLICY .......WHY? Anna is doubtful
shes in an abusive relationship and she doesnt know it!
Don't mistake to judge any company ETHICAL based on media reports. Go in details and you find many questions unanswered, many actions illogical....maybe ETHICAL is media management.....ETHICAL nowadays are BIG business.
The problem with opposition is that they don't want to do anything and they don't want others to do anything for good of the Nation
Hasan atif ,check ur Quran ,ibn ishag992,wht is that just study ur Quran bro ,
Mr. Rohit...Meera is a grt lady undoubtedly...She is taking a good care of her husband and child...which is really grt...but I feel sorry for yr thinking ...I'm a student... Working really hard...bcoz I want to make my parents proud....N wanna work so that me n my future husband can together share all burden..be it financial or any thing else....Is there anything wrong with that???....N everyone have there priorities....N u r just no one to judge....Yr statement is reflection of yr character....
Akbar conquered Kashmir in 1587 AD. During his mughal rule the Hindus enjoyed security of person and property and were allotted high government posts. It was he, who, pleased with their intelligence, gave them the surname Pandit.[16] The Mughals rule was followed by that of Afghans. Gradually, many Kashmiris converted to Islam, leaving smaller population of Kashmiri Pandits who still practiced the Shaivite religion. Not much was done to win back the converts to Hinduism. The majority, though still remained Hindus in Jammu and Kashmir. Fact!!
Oh really?? I think you are investigating this case even more better than the police??
Agree instead of using abuse words he could have express it in simple way..but his point is right..
Show the bodies so that rest of India  is aware and Modi has to act
Vishnu there vast different between citizen & hired labour. You can get detail about this.
They will.always remain behind the curton
The people of India shouldn't allow this terrorist in their country.  The only thing he will bring to India bad reputation. Any bilateral business % goes to ISIS  DAESH from Erdogan side. .   Interestingly he made this speech in India about Khilafat which's the dream of his terrorist ISIS proxies too.  ""President Erdogan said that he was delighted to accept the honorary degree from a university which has played a significant role not only in India's freedom movement but has also supported the >Khilafat< movement in the 1920s, while standing by the Turkish people and its founders."" Although not sure which so called ""world-peace"" they are talking about! It's for sure it's not our world/ planet. The only thing this Erdogan contributed in our world has so long been terrorism and destruction.   http://indiatoday.intoday.in/story/jamia-millia-islamia-turkish-president-recep-tayyip-erdogan-doctorate/1/943255.html
computer ji ...do not block me from the original news ..my ideas are needed for india ...so be open , allow me to represent
What BJP has done  when they are in power 2000 to 2004
America jaise big country 40 cashless hai aur that was developed country.but our india is developing and modi ji make cashless hahaga is it possible!!!!
is this real news ?..i don think so ...watch brain game
Are you saying this from the depth of your heart or  just to please hey Modi  ?
Sirtaz Sir. Your Nationalist feelings Should be eye opener for those who celebrate  terrorist as martyrs.  To disown even the dead  body  of a son shows your strength of character.
warren buffett do not mislead,he is right hence he is rich
Is he not already dead? Dafan?
But there isnt any ""leader opposition""
India is only a secular country
One common thing I noticed in above criticisms is..they all have same color!😝
When this being started talking for human beings?  Maybe something is going out of handle.  My dear veterinarians please take back your patient and treat it before it becomes hazardous for the human habitation.
So what u r saying is modi did this for paytm..card companies..kejri did odd even for ola and uber... !! Dream on.
What do worng other animals that they had not get aadhar card?plz pm modi say some think.
Modi and Erdogan are both sides of the side of the same coin.
I am sorry;  you don't have etiquette of debating or arguing, So please keep to yourself.
U r an agent!! Shifting sides
Court must take suo moto cognizance in this matter. An exemplary punishment be given to her so that nobody else repeats such cruelty.
मनमोहन सिंह और नरेंद्र मोदी में फर्क क्या रह गया फिर।
Did he inform police then?
Its not a pakistan doing anything on indian post its a muslim sharing her opinion i hope u can now understand its not about nationality its about religion
Indian Express news.....ignore news.
Varghese Robin George look alikes how much you know about him or Islam?Only media?They are 100s of controversies of pope's, churches, bishops,fathers shall i believe what media prints sitting and lying on comfort of bed, how many Muslim countries been you visited
If AAP wins election will work, people will decide else EVM will decide
Stop using loudspeakers in all religious places, whatsoever. Because there was no loudspeakers earlier when religions were preached.
Go go Sonu!
Wait bhakts,moti will conduct imaginary surgical strikes along loc,be patience :D
Democracy killed.......people taken for ride.....   but Justice will prevail and will win back.
Most Hindus do not  give importance to religion. They are inheritedly secular. NDTV and the pseudo seculars must go and preach the converted!
Tell me one neta like him who took such a risky step which could jeopardise his own vote bank. Others think of vote bank he thinks about voters.
Always great to listen you sir..n u gave a good answer to congress rahul in a well mannered way 😊will always support you
:)  Aaj Tak I Love The Way You  Talk :)   :|] Kia keh Dia Zalim 🏡 Aaj Tak :|] 🏡 Monday 📆 1 📆 May 📆 2017 🏡 Gul Hassan 🏡 Ch Botters 🏡 Aaj Tak 🏡 :)  I Am On Fire :)  22 seconds ⏰ 🏡 Personal Bot By  Umar King 🏡 site: DIL-WALY.TK 🏡
Probably their might me more homeless people...just like you promised 15 lacs to every indian.  He has started Jumlabazi from now, for the 2019 elections.
Waste candidate
No amplifier allowed after 10 PM to 6 AM simple no religion.....Special cases uniform dates managed by local police station certificate.
Most of black 💰 money is with  politics  and is Swiss  banks.  If PM Modi  can ge
Actually the lion has shown the tiger its place!
Modji. Great step but many IT officials still harressing for bribe to complete the assessment
In kerala we wake to the tune of Manthras from temple and aazan from mosques ,we are proudly enjoying both.
Haha... He makes his face like an innocent baby.. But he is the most cunning..
If given a chance , i m better , far better .,,
Hahahahahhahahahhahah Hahahhahhahahahhahahaha Hahahahhahahahahhahhaha  Joke of the Millennium  Keep it up
😂😂😂  This kid Akash Rout hasn't seen the world. Nor has he faced people with experience.
Govt. can do anything. issues and tensions are created in order to divert the minds and confuse them. Pakistan could be right. Still no one can prove.
Muslims r d only vote bank for these congi n leftiest , nothing else. Anybody who talks abt the rights of Hindus r communal. Crooks! what abt d Maunmohan singh,who once stated that minority have d first right on resources of India. No tax by these ppl n right first, this was secular. Desh jag chuka hai! lefties
these mla see themselves as gods! illiterated uneducated stillso much ego they have
This all cheating done by gov how its can be possible where every person who don't want to make Bjp gov and the gov Wo done lots of thing to the people that gov has not came in the power
This is why I am against Erdogan visit to my country!
Why creating problem in mid of game
Ya right. She is a star wife, a young woman and has nothing to worry about. She gets everything at her beck and call. Girl take the life of commoner like us and then you will know why we work hard for our child.
We are getting into the records our beatnik looking rail minister holds the world record for the number of rail accidents and deaths.  CONGRATS MR SURESH PRABHU YOU WILL
Modi ji ab bhi samay hi Pakistan ka vajud mitaa do
IIT doesn't evolve you. Its all about interest Like wtf if your friends really wanted to do this and co incidentally you saw him getting better Doesn't mean anything, this guy has guts to speak unlike you getting biased just because someone else got better going into IIT
So why not join bjp .Government is doing well.Every citizen received 1500000.Lokpal bill has passed. No any citizens has died because of demonetization. Farmers socide ratio is decreasing.
Toilet  express posting nonsense news . .
This is exactly 'blowing of hooters ahead of a sinking ship'.
Do not even try commenting if you're not one. Well stop there, kid.
very sad ....
I think it was very obvious that AAP got shock of their life when the Demonetization was announced. If you go back and check, they didn't give any reaction for full 36 Hours - obvious super shocker and taking stock of the damage. :-) !! Afterwards, they recouped and started blaming Modi with utter frustration and anger. That was an indication that the move directly impacted them badly!! Now it is more open with all these hawala and shell company linkages :-) !!
Mr MODI which English did he SPEAK ? modi suppoters don't tell me your President can't speak English... yes we Turkish can't speak English coz we don't have colonial HISTORY
actual he must be right because his party has done till date he know verywell
She is absolutely right.....but yes.....not many people have a choice!
Kamlesh Puri seems u are more off an political personality and find caste division in everything, put aside politics, caste and think logically, this decision has already taken economy 18 months behind and still there will be more pain ahead
He used  you... like Gandhi  was  used  post independence. . 70  years  results  you have experienced  and you left  the same legacy  of Gandhism. .No  regrets. .. Hindustan  is blessed  like this only for centuries. .. Yet  ... Hinduism  and Hindustan  survives  embracing  all the newer  cults  religion beliefs.  We embrace We Follow  We Convert  But  genes  of Hinduism  doesn't  metamorphosize. . We have very broad  should  big heart. .... Miniscule  express  now and then   ...
The ppl r claping as dey all understood wat was going on lol
Notes of 2015 and 2016 year are already in circulation. Its something else...
irony is he is one of the groups who voted for AAP in delhi....now i have no words to argue
99.99% With Modi ji... only. 0.1% will not.... who are Looting
Go out of India , abuse the nation n its policy when aboard , feel proud that u work & stay out of India.. But wen some thing like this happens blame Indian Gov....
Indian Jallikattu Train PM Massacre......?  Killed Gandhi... Father of India....? Killed 100+ Kashmiri in 2016.....? Killed 100+ Civilian in 2016 Demonetization.....?  #Pakistan Pl Help...... #UnitedNation Pl Help...... #China Pl Help......
It is not about infrastructure.  It is about the absolute HEARTLESSNESS of the people.  There are so many karmachaaris and patients in a hospital. ANYONE could have helped. NO ONE HELPED.  Stop blaming Govt.  The people have time to take photos but not to help.
Absolutely, Sonu Nigam. I am also disturbed by this forced religious conversions on all the 365 days from Temples, churches and mosques. May be time to ban mikes, speakers at religious places and religious  celebrations on the street. Will you say yes to this?
Who are you to judge aftrall the people who are investing are happy with mohanlal....so whats your deal!!
India retaliates after LoC attack. Army kills 7 Pakistani soldiers, 2 bunkers destroyed indiatoday.intoday.in/story/indian-a…
She is outsider for Bollywood industry. So giving statements such that people talks about her. May be she got best without struggle.
Dear Indian Express, I feel sorry to write that your journalists are out there to misinterpret events and present them in a distorted manner just to make some sensational headlines. The news about upcoming singer Nahid Afreen has been prepared without proper research and investigation. It was very sad to see that your journalists don't even know the difference between fatwa and appeal.  A fatwa is a non-binding legal opinion issued only by a qualified jurist (Mufti) on a request by someone who is unable to understand religious guidelines whereas the leaflet that is being circulated and presented as Fatwa is just a hard copy of an appeal signed by 46 men who believe in religious practices. The merit of appeal can be discussed on many grounds and in many dimensions but first and foremost, an appeal can not be called a legal opinion (Fatwa).  We expect apology from your side for such a mistake. http://indianexpress.com/article/india/fatwa-issued-against-reality-singing-star-nahid-afrin-by-42-clerics-4569825/
Is it just a matter of co incidence that such frogs start jumping wen the political situation in the country suits them? All these years it was ok for him but now when he has passed his prime n the modi yogi at the helm of the affairs he is planning for his second innings in RS n licking the boots for an award on republic day
No never.mr chidambaram has to learn that he has to increase exports . Laws have to become simple for a small person to export but politically they will never do it.oil and coal and politics will kill us
2-3 years ago, we were busy in discussing 2G,3 G, coal and CWG, So now we are discussing about development of all. Knowing UP'S culture anti romeo squad is very much needed. However misuse of any law should be strictly prohibited. You first take care off Pappu. 😄 though I believe you are far better leader than Pappu.
What correction you want .did i said something wrong .this is the truth i mean it
Student protests such as those seen in JNU, Hyderabad University and Jadavpur University can only be countered by reviving nationalism and Netaji Subhas Chandra Bose’s legacy is the best way to achieve it, Major General (retired) G D Bakshi said at a seminar organised by the Indian Council of Historical Research (ICHR) on Wednesday. Bakshi, who was speaking at the inaugural session of the three-day seminar on ‘Indian National Army (INA) and its contribution to India’s independence’, said Bose was the only reason the British left India.
Great initiative, we shouldn't blame PM for the many greedy people on the ground who are taking advantage of the situation and extending corruption.
hahaahahahahaha the same aam admi gave u a zeo in goa(39deposits lost), less vote nd seat share in punjab as compared to 2014 nd 402(lost deposits out of 420)in 2014 as well, so u  r correct, aam admi now knows how much of a bigot nd corrupt this guy is
I am Turkish and living TURKEY.. I saw many wrong comment Against TURKEY here. Turkish Amy  Never killed Kurdish people in Turkey., I think you know PKK armenian terror organization .. PKK killed Kurdish and Turkish policeman, soldiers , nurses, doctor , engineer, teachers, students as well civil Kurdish and Turkish peoples... We are living real Kurdish brothers and Sisters. But PKK as well ypg terorist organization in Turkey in Iraq and Syria Against Turkey.... How do you say Turkey killed Kurdish peoples .. ? President Erdoğan changed Turkey economical and political system than EU, usa, israel and others Country  Never want to President ERDOĞAN .... Long live Turkey ...
these naxals are belongs to cong supporters. They make violence where cong is not ruling places (chattisgarh, kashmir, kerala and west-bengal)
Being puppet is better than being cause of innocent ppl's death and hunger
You need RSS permission to join AAP.
Her demand must be met. Now time has come we must teach lesson to Pakistan. Jai Hind
Absolutely !!
Mr azam khan should know that it was their best freinds Cong who used this term first in parliament towards the PM. The PM just couldnt resist putting light on this matter.
Even modi gives everything also indian muslim will not support so the comments from there just need to thrownto trash box
have any one seen vips or vvips in bank queue
Yogi only propagates...vijayan butchering opposition
Surgical strike was big drama .when u voilat and we response u always cry
Whi gider jo 2 atanwadi marne ke lia saat se das truck  me bhr kr jaate hi
आखिर कबतक हमारे जवान शहीद होते रहेंगे और कबतक जय हिंद बोलेंगे ऊडा डालो पाकिस्तान को
Oh God ! He badly need your blessings and Guidance . There are few people who speaks without any reason .
And what about Humanity??
Muslims are like, Bill Gates modi ko praise kiya, mai apna windows chod ke abse mac use karunga..
Any reason why humans were killed by a group of people for whats on their plate or religion any advise for them Mr. PM??????/
This is called katha kathan... Why does he not speak in lok Sabha..
What's wrong with a little music in the morning eh?
u dont know me but u know whom i patron. amazed !
Laalu like that bhaalu
Life is really tough for them the way things are going now &and for new comers there are fewer options including this.
Stop talking so logically! This country is too stupid to understand.
No one is really fighting, its purely political motive
Tharoor did not have any problem when that Italian bar dancer was ruling...
correct
This is disgusting
Inn logo ko bata do hindustaan chudi nahi pahna hai
wakeup at 5 is good for health and wealth
How cruel it is????  Who r all responsible for this shld be punished..... Huh..
Our leaders don't know what they saying. No brain, yet we select them. Not their fault but our fault.
Always hear this , unexpected Trump victory..... Why unexpected......It's clear that research was not done properly..... U guys the servey people media failed in logic...Why we always hear unexpected happened.... Ur mistake our faith? No not acceptable
Because you already a bjp man
Jab congress banned 25 paisa all Indian bikhari feels it's a wrong idea now the same feeling congress and congress supporting party & congress supporter
Cow life is more important then human life in our country. After few years we will have better life for cow's and human life will be like cow's. 😡😡😡
Trust vote - huge LIE!!
Historically Italians hates the soun of Drum.
Why doesn't he speak in the parliament and just use this to telecast on tv
Anitha Suresh raincoat was a nice language
Everything is fine,but why exemption for Political parties ,that is why they are exanging old notes from others.
I don't think any media agency projects what Mr.Modi said here. heavy damage is to media agencies than political parties.
Not likely to happen but we have to try to create precedence:---Oppose the Mythological and hypothetical divisive religious scriptures A CALL TO BRAHIMINS YOUTH ( No Hope from elders )make a new world based on realism and humanism. This world need from you like young people to come out of Fundamentalism and believe and replace all religious scriptures with Indian Constitution ( Best religious scripture of India . May be the worlds) and say JAI BHEEM ( universal Mantra)
Ramakrishnan Natarajan producer is one of the biggest billionaires in INDIA....worth 3 billion assets.....founder of UAE exchange and NMC healthcare....he's also an NRI living in middle east....so do you think he can't invest so big..?? moreover DANGAL business so far 750cr
Why this Muslim are always against Muslim they should all be send to pakistan
wonder what police is doing?
Azam khan is preaching about   decency , how much more good days you want ?
Those who are against u and shout..are puppies of Papu...:-) atb modiji...we are with u
Had h yrrr bas Rajnath to pakistan ko Ninda se maar dege
Then don't use condoms for immoral Sex.
police must returned the money bcoz it was of no use for them now... demonetisation effects 😂😂😂
i completely agree wid u Mr Tripathi.. But Sir dnt u think Sonu Sir cud hve directly gone to Police Station nd filed a FIR instead of tweeting something like that, wich i feel ws slightly insensitive from such a public figure, then again i kept my point of view..
Left mouthpiece।। ""And they hanged yakub""..
any comment on kashmiri pandits
In all these long queues infront of Banks..... 😊 Have you seen any Ministers 😊 Have you seen any Politicians 😊 Have you seen any IAS/IPS Officers 😊 Have you seen any Big Businessman 😊 Have you seen any Celebrity 😊 Have you seen any MLA/Corporator So only a Common man has Black Money who work day & night for his hard earned money..
Going into late night parties is one's choice, listening to morning azaan and bhajans are not.
give your chetak patent to me, i will start manufacturing
Dnyanesh Kanvinde  do u have proof regarding all those things which happened in JNU, not only u , even govt doesnt has proof, still now govt couldn't file a chargesheet against them, and lab has given reports that all those videos are fake which are shown by BHAKt Media so stop chanting what BJP and RSS leaders say. and i think u know abt JNU, recently got best university in INDIA and the award was given by president.
Indian express you guyz dont device to make news  Instead of telling the importance of that video  You guys are more concern about that retweet
Time the cases closed by Congress against Indian Express ,Bahadur Shah Marg office is reopened under court supervision
You are good for nothing. AK is the best. Traditional political party are trying to defame him. Media that was controlled by BJP and Cong and also his ex colleague are trying to defame him. He has done good governance at Delhi. Fulfill his election promise though center government and LG always oppose him. where are you when Delhi police booked his MLA for trifling matters. You old fellow is RSS gay. At the age of 79 brain is not functioning well. Take rest. And play with little children. You have done great job for BJP and wait when will Cong come to center. Let AK do politics.
Control the flow of money so that accumulation will not take place again. The nation is with you Modi Ji.
Keep crying... Mulla logic...😂😂😂
She is not fit for IPS officer  Who's got hurt by lati they should file case on her though lawyer
Vishal Saxena - wow. Great news day for you to retrospect
Whom u r addressing to....?? Be specific
No Spartan goes to war... without first consulting... the oracle!( cnbc )
Love peace and brotherhood are more joyfull. Pls enjoy diversity instead showing dissatisfaction....We can't change everything which is needed for our convenience.
You can literally see tears falling off Kjo's eyes (metaphorically) 😂
Y dnt u ban all meats?all animals r equal
May b he is in good company of Onupum Khar nowadays
Come to India we will show development,
A very tight slap.
sab politics  he aur begunah hamare jawan  mare ja rahe  he action  lena  chahiye
but what about these promises,if you will not be in power in 2019? 😂😂😂😂
That is called Surgical strike enter inside the Indian territory and strike hard
Dat we taught ur people lil tym before only ... dats y it came in our favour
Waqar don't teach father wt to do n what not
Lease one of those FOABs from the Russians and show the guts to use it
Hahaha now where ever bjp rules thete is no corruption as per anna rss hazare
Why doesn't the govt remove the pay commission system and give salary to the govt and public undertaking staff as per the national average.How long the ordinary and honest tax payers are going to take the burden of these people who work the least and enjoy maximum benefits.
People should be with great PM Modi,  and not be selfish
Another reason  with Indians to show their Nationalism/Patriosm  on FB.  What else we can do. They Kill our Hundred than we kill their Ten.. We name our own chance as SUCCESS like Stretegic Attack. We becomes Happy , show off in FB.OLD STory..
Pranoy Roy , How is Radhika!!??? How is your Irish Mom!!!,actually Arundathy Roy need a Spliff!!!
his face speaks how much he is tensed while speaking abt failed policy
what u mean m I wrong??
Not to listen this man . Who is he ....? Where is lokpal ...???
How to convert all your black money into white in 4 easy perfectly ""legal"" steps? Answer:- -> Step 1 - Create a political party, and get registered under Representation of People's Act, 1951. [Not a difficult task. There are more than 1000 registered parties who didn't even contest 2014 Lok Sabha Election, and EC cannot de-register a party] -> Step 2 - Donate all your black money to your party in parts, each part should be less than 20,000. You can make infinite such donations, and say that they came from people. [According to the RP Act 1951, the political parties are not required to report (to the Election Commission of India (ECI)) the name of the individuals or organizations from whom they have received donations of amount less than Rs.20,000.] -> Step 3 - Go to bank, deposit all this amount in the party's account. [No need to pay any income tax. Political parties are 100% exempted from income tax] -> Step 4 - Withdraw the amount as and when you need, in 50/100/500/2000 rupee notes - It is all white. [Since Political Parties are not under RTI, you can't ask them how they spent their money] ENJOY YOUR WEALTH...!!!! *Moral of the Story:- All political parties are same. All they do is follow the letter of law like above example & kill the spirit which is politically correct but ethically incorrect. But in the process teach you about how one can legally generate enormous wealth and still talk about ideals and concern for poor people.  Isn't it fascinating?
Decision is positive but inconvenience made by govt to the citizens is not acceptable
Exit polls are paid
"" Israel is God's nation, a nation that belongs to the Jews""  That's an ignorant statement. That would infer that an almighty being has chosen one nation and basically doesn't care for anyone else.  Why can't God stop all of the fighting if he really loves us all?
Vivek Gaikwad have you heard of word called all rounder
People with lots of personal black money have to change into gold, pink money or donate it to govt or party looks like. Probably people will prefer donating it to party as don't have to go through IT scrutiny and will have goodwill with a political party. Obviously people would like to have good will with party in power. Wahhhh Modi ji master stroke, image of crusader against corruption and a very happy Amit shah
Yeah  Then you would mention so the educated as well as"" bhyas"" as stupid people who are just wasting natural resources.  People of the two biggest democracies went haywire at the same time right?
Give him a bottle of Cow Urine to cool his filthy brain.  #RendianDog #GetOutKashmir
Intolerant gang active now after Lucknow Encounter 🤣🤣🤣
So, by your logic. Every criminals should be honorees with government jobs? They are gone, dead. But what about people who are alive and ruling. Stop defending criminals, it's for our own country's good. Jai Hind
Donot back out it was most fitting comment we donot object  to her freedom of speech  but we did not like it
Hights of tolerance of Us.. only kadi Ninda That's it ....!!!!
How police treat us ?? I think u will see this soon
U people pleas see about other   issues sunny leone is for making your political party famous ..
Secularism only exist when hindus are majority in this country. If muslims comes near 40% of population they will implement shriah law.
I don't know why people drag the PM for personal problems. No wonder the PM is dragged into day today happenings. These were not so when MMS was there for 10 years.
Mukhbain Singh Yeah as I said u are failing worldwide not only in India.
Secularism means Gandhi and communalism means Modi
What happened in Melbourne then, during WC?!
Yes but why hue and cry for one but utter silence for others.and wat I have to do with east bengal,pakistan,syria,china,usa,,uk. I was talking abt India.
It is the Middle Men who screwed the people.
After amma. Shashikala is most powerful. But mysterious death raises eyebrow. & Court case  Paner least number . cannot prove strength Bjp will win ..Presidential order will prevail 🌷 Col Lamba
Navratri and Ganesha puja doesn't happen 365 days per year
If this is the thing who will keep money in the bank. In four transaction  he will take out how much he need for the month.
WE WANTED NATURE AND MAY BE GLAMOR BIZ WANTED TO BLOCK IT....AS SIMPLE AS THAT....
He is now in sleep mode. He will wake up when BJP government will no longer.
Can be possible if opposition doesn't create ruckus in the country, countrymen will have to otherwise plan on how to handle such people from opposition.
Anti Indian express it's not an imagination of rajamauli it is his great skill to render the rich culture in cinemas
Saffron's are right by increasing population the per capita debt of an individual will reduce, so Hindus have more children
Brother its Poke note Pork.
She is woman of class. Taking bold decisions and speaking her mind. I salute u MEERA . If a women wants to get married at 18 the legal age to marry and don't want to go in the carrier making drama,the feminist society looks her down. Working is not bad but it's not the only thing which decides. We need Women like MEERA .
You were being used by kejriwal
Soni ji , we need to intospect, before making such comments.
A bison is not known to attack unprovoked but Yenu’s neighbour Ankush Solienkar believes the bison was “in a mood for revenge, having waited it out”.
then i guess there should be women and LGBT reservation too then castes which are numerical minorities like pisharody and brahmins
There are idiots everywhere
Kunder's logic only showcases his greymatter !!!
Need more strict action for fraud and corrupt people...and they must be punished and to be recover money, property to set an example in society..
what do you want to prove, by providing this information to the civilian. I am sure you must be anti-Indian.
Manish Jain  Can your response as mania.
Nobody is allowed to interfere while an officer is discharging responsible duty,don't try to demoralise disciplining and  law enforcing agencies otherwise ready to face chaos
She hvnt a heart to live  with puppy bcz  a pupp needs cr just like a small baby thank god she doesnt hv a puppy otherwise  ....poor puppy
Now you will get bigger shock than Surgical Strike. Just wait and see.
What is affecting our markets.fed rate  hike or demonetisation
Don't listen to Rahul Gandhi ,he is speaking without proof or base, u continue,we r with u
कुछ बताएगा भी या बड़ी खबर बड़ी खबर ही करता रहेगा
Before Modi, India was buried under the carpet of Nehru (Gandhi) family...
they are praying the bike comes in one piece....on stage!
Mohan - why dont you fully integrate and call yourself Michael ?
Where is THE PCB chairman...Now get the taste of it....
If the Cess continue to say and Tea even it is rated at 5% category, then it is additional burden for the Tea Industry and also common man. Tea to be stated as Common Man's drink will not remain as it. It clearly states that the present Govt is hunting for money in the name of reforms.
so here the BJP is showing its true face,to be a party of trouble mongers & makers of troubled waters to fish in it with impunity
Gr8 job . . Waitn for more bold moves to b fired on big gunz aftt 30th December  .
Boost, denya want her aunt Sonia to be pm of India
We didn't voted Modi ji for this..... Strong condemnation is not enough We want strong actions
I don't watch IPL anymore.😂
If any one genetic  terrorists  .It's India.they financed  terror  in balochistan and  Afghanistan  .they  killed  almost  1 millions  Kashmiri. Still now  .
""Or the fact that all the nations you lot are using as examples are either Maoist or Stalinist. Orthodox Marxism has never been tried in the world anywhere Each of them started with Marxism and failed to implement it acc to you, name one country that is communist according to you and lets analyxe it i know u wont, coz it has been tried 100 times and it has failed always and only thing commies say is oh that was not true marxism, sorry we dont need ur true marxism, lenin was more marxist then u ever cud be if he failed so will u so no thanks
Hindusium nvr be dne in india k boss dnt wooryy
Just for own satisfaction, I know nothing will be changed
Ban Bhajans too if played at unearthly hours....... Sonu  Nigam gave his point of view ....we can always give it a thought ....why does one have to be so hyper about it......BTW what is STFU
Samir Jadav, great or rather excellent opinion but do u think it will be reach the powers that be! Most of the ppl in both countries r peace loving n want to be friends,its only a few who r against it n Kashmir issue is a sore. It is a big thorn in the relationship between the country. Do u think Israel  n arabs will become friends? It is the same with India n Pakistan.I hope they don't start the Third World War!
Very good comments.. I am enjoying the comments more than bike :)
Modi should step against Pakistan immediately but he is busy to ban of red beacon. Please!!!! Modi ji take a big step. Enough is enough.
maybe ekta kapoor will say ......  cliamx will be in next episode
Shame on India for doing this to their own soldiers Pakistan has nothing to do with this India won't succeed to hide Kashmir freedom movement by such cheap drama
haaaaaa haaaaaa good joke
104 people died since their time to Go had come... Demonitization has nothing to do with this... If not in the queue, they would have gone at their homes.....
Plzzz do smthing modi g.... give our indian army authority to fire them plzzzz
Why our tax payer money is wasted on such skim and there will be corruption at the end instead give some discount on each small transaction
Equal Justice to Every Religion is Meaning of Secular.But in India  politically Secular means Justice for So Called Minorities.But Any Nation can  not speed up by Personal laws For different communities.Common Civil Code is need of the hour.
my kids went off to sleep with the lullabye song
Support modi. Beginning will be trouble. Rome was. Not built in a day. Our country will be no.1 in a year.
Are the BJP Netas will come our house to teach us how to become digital? please come to my house to teach me how to use Paytm
Digvijay you see only your duty,two army men's head severed by Pakistan. How can we talk ?
If you keep relationship with an ape you  wd benefited itching only
Freedom of expression. His choice
Exit polls are good but it's still a guess work .... wait and see. If educated people of US can put Trump in power, the bhyas can do miracles 😀
Sure  the poor will die so there will be no gap only the rich will stay.
bt his point is correct
This guy Asif Khan really needs some doctor therapy man. Please bro. Please. It's harmful for your health
I told you wait.7 pak killed within hours of their cowardice act.Go and weep for them .
this music reminds me of harmonium intro in village natak
Soon baluchistan free then jiahdi like u hav no place
Proud to be a Bhakt than a chamcha, dalal...Modi you are great and continue to challenge the norms...
They so deserved this after years of providing bad connectivity & charging premium from customers. It's more of 'correction' than a loss in revenues.
I think Arvind Kejriwal should make it clear once and for all that he is not exactly waiting for a character certificate from the Sarkari Saint that is Anna Hazare. The AAP party has had no real truck with Anna ever since its inception and draws none of its moral sustenance from this gutless pseudo-crusader. So just because they were co-travelers once when AK made the serious mistake of assuming that this man was a genuinely apolitical activist, he is not beholden to this RSS stooge for all time to come.
Sagar Chavan r u jealous of successful woman
Dear Anna So AAP is a lost cause. Fine move on. What is your plan to restore Lokpal? Or are you now resigned to sleeping with the enemy?
Yeah it is changing ppl r dying without money and the rich r getting richer coz the poor are the ones standing in line at ATM/banks and other places of money exchange is the nation only made fr the middle class n lower class wht abt the big time businessmen where did anyome see them being part of the change standing in line a new born dies coz hospital does not give admission well tht was the new born victim this unplanned change
Sir still AAP is better option for poor and middle class compare to dacoit BJP and corrupt Congress
What measure have your government taken to help poor who don't have a bank account and are in great trouble due to demonetisation ,please do think of them also ,they don't have mobile phone ,neither do they know what is digital payment
You obviously don't know anything about the Bible.
One hindu died hence muslims were attacked..  Report it factually...
Still u cant hide truth
We are with you Mr.Prime Minister .. Please execute your plans for ""MODI""FIED INDIA.
Agree with him..
Good,, it's your choice to like it or not.....and I don't want your opinion too. Dravidian don't look like Aryans...... and Pandavas are aryaputras....... son of Aryans......
At least have some respect for PM post guys ... dont lose your dignity...
Time to declare it was not correct... it will create a problem for  common man...govt shud hve thot first for the common man nd den declare it
Sounds like Kejriwal
Why the people of Kerala are not dare enough to give beef soup for bjp politicians
Wow on the basis of suspicion they lynched two youth .
He is a good parliamentarian but left do not have number to reelect him .Others may support but he may have objection from Karat lobby .He has saved his face and that of his party too.
To get like modiji we have to for another 100 years
Bloody daemon preaching secularism???
Not justified for common man under hardship. Had high hopes towards this government to perform professionally. But this is adhoc action as arrow just released without aiming for the enemies. Mr Prime Minister has sent its own people to ICU. Wishing all our people an early recovery with permanent stich marks.
Was it not required when Congress was ruling for decades??!!
Why bjp cadre is not in field .. supporting demonetisation..talkimg to massess.
His father and mother are also in Jail for murder case and this fellow also fought from Jail and Won !!! Incredible Family
Fake
He did not lay foundation of bjp or congress, but AAP and kejriwal. He supported kejriwal because he said he would do honest politics. If you have to compare with existing parties that too in how much corrupt kejri is than other parties, then why such hypocricy. Just name the party as Khas Aadmi party or another congress-2
Russia a time tested close aid of India has always said the truth
yeah happening in mahrastra ,odisha etc already . Think about your jihadidi first
I want to ask one question to all supporters of generics: Will they use an eye drop with a generic prescription alone?
Laser France ..detector.. heat sensor all are waste for India if pak army infiltrated 250 meter inside India beheaded 2 rundians and return back with zero damagezz ..it was a surgical strike
Bang on.
Both sides police vs others were having idle time and wished to get some funs like Tamilian males enjoy sporting with their  bull-ftiends in a sport called jallakutti .
Congo you support pakistan and you are anti national now. If you have your own opinion then you support congress and pakistan.
Take out black money.....first on ur bjp leaders...who has caught with cores of new notes......and has taken lands and plots knowing about demonetization.....stop showing simplicity...and don't put bind believe to people's on you....
Must be in the favour
Unexpected Words ... better ask apology
So what were you expecting from Pakistan ?? They are liar ..
Bajaj text to audience take 1 hour nap as bike not coming soon
Massive win hahhaahhaha Stupid Indian express
Shocking, was he going to dhaabas or roadside streetfood for hid food? I believe everywhere else you can use credit cards
AK is the hero of indian political - Anna to ek mohra hai bjp ka jab election hote hai pani ke mendak ki taraha ata phir andar chalejata
Faisal Shahzad & also remember u r just a 70 year old kid & there was no word called Pakistan lol
No need to print big notes please implement below rd 100 and remains you can use some smart card system then you can't see black money in India please issue of smart cards with limit
Looks like u dont live near to ny mosque.
Dear Sony nigam  ,   Do u know how safe it feel when u hear Azan in the morning ? Thieves and evil doers on road run away thinking that now worshippers will be up and on the way to mosques .   Lots of people( vendors , beggars, stray irrespective of religions ) who don't have hi-tech mobiles to put alarm on , rely on Azan to wake up in the morning to start their day for food . On an average Azan lasts for 1 minutes 30 seconds . Which is a call for prayers for muslims to wake up and remember God .    1minutes and 30 seconds , is also not we are tolerant of now ? We as an Indians boast about being rich in culture and religions . If We start banning this Azan, bhajan Kirtan , or morning chanting in gurudwaras you know how depressing our morning could get .   I am a Muslim and whenever I used to walk across the gurudwara in the morning , I used to peep in to admire how they start their morning with chanting and meditation. It's so soothing to the ears . I miss that india where we admire each other religions !
Govt has to care of Army more than RSS . Else it will be RSS vs Indian Army showdown ?
So your admitting India helped the British destroy the middle east?
Now black money will be circulated in 2000 rupee note easy to carry n go
This guy has a priority to make fun of people and he isn't really bothered of the situation ... shows what they are taught
A lot is a lie in the games politicans play
This ain't UAE
#PMO this is open invitation to covert all black to white... :(
are you  people suffering from piles .....your news indicates and symptoms can be seen
He is old friend of bjp...Old is gold..
Ather Rasheed Khan That is the reason I am replying to Amitj to verify his formula and than perform some more Poja and yajna for Trump's long life.
Everyone must understand that these steps have been taken before and where not effective.  Raghu ram
Indian Express.. always negative. Don't take them seriously.
Who are u prakash to tell deepak shut his mouth...
By this move the end of BJP has begun... And they can't blame any one else rather than themselves.
azan dant distrube ane region but some people like it distrbe muslim nation
Appeal or fatwa, what's the need to issue one? Mohd.Rafi was one of the greatest singing legends of India! Nur Jahan of Pakistan? Arabic music? And dance????
TN citizens should join hands n claim for reelections... Citizens had choosed Jayalalitha as d leader n nt des frauds !!
so according to u,US Hindus needs to put Hindu ID on their Face.LOL
Salman Ahmed you are right ...every old historic place made by Turkey and other countries in my India...... here is to much fools ...not care the humans but care about animal cow drink urine of cow ...what they do ..they just drink urine of cow and rape there sisters daily ...so that's why Indian nation now day by day in include in bad nations in the world because of some Hindu terrorist they not want India get success
Taroor is very confident that the  INC is on the verge of disintegration and no chance for persons like him in Indian politics.
I thought India is for Hindus but our politicians are turning India into Muslim country
J sagar mayya and dexter Jackson !!  mutual respect brothers thanks for the support!!! You are my real mittroooo. ! Let's freaking BOUNCE !!!!!
In Pakistan & in Bangladesh  the number of Hindus gradually decreases. Reason well known to every body but in India minority going to become majority .Reason  ??
His DNA matches RSS
Good news for unemployed youths like us. We ae ready to join., but high competition makes it difficult to get selected.
56 inch ka seena kahan gya, ab kyon nahi bhonkta sumit patra kahan chup gya ab
What are we waiting for?  Shoot 100 Pakistanis for 1 Indian.
Intent is good but execution is flawed... very much flawed...
Don't recall old records....talk the current scenario with the common man's sufferings
First give our 15 lakh rs as promised. Then you can make new promises.
What???
व्हो बात सही है आगे से पीछा भला । इससे अच्छी तो कांग्रेस सरकार थी
WE HAVE. TO RESERVE TWO BEDS IN NIMMANS HOSPITAL ONE FOR KUJILI AND OTHER FOR BANDIT QUEEN
All poor people become problem sameaa me wo working everyday only for eating
Whatever he is talking is good, but there is a big question mark on his goal behind the scene.
He seems not in proper frame of mind.
Why crying  Bollywood is small film industry for her  Pakistan film industry is internationally recognised so she shuld be proud recognised actress
Surprising he was in a Jail When did he get a Bail..
Solvable issue , provided politicians are serious.  U r watching what ex irrigation minister did in maharashtra.
todays time that is fashion, JOOTA FAKE , FAMOUS TAKE, for a
Kejriwal is here, just because of Anna Hazare..... Ppl gathered in tht moment only for the Army veteran who was fighting for ppl all his life time... Not for an IITian who knows only to blame others...
#saveJNU
What a rotten media
Pk was another fantastic movie... No doubt about that. Bahubali is even beyond. Stop the comparison.
Pachauri had allegedly sent the victim “sexually-laden” emails and text messages.
Arti and bhajans are done in temples everyday in morning and evening. Jagrata on weekly basis, and for full month ganesh and Durga puja.......So cut the crap.
If someone use loudspeaker at 2A. M, how Muslim brothers will feel
The increase in quota would mean that it will exceed the 50 per cent limit in reservations set by the Supreme Court.
The monopoly of SS ended ...and it ws a befitting reply to him  !
Cool -but i'm not conveninced with tax receipt  of 2 -lakh jewellery- should be given only to 50,000 people of 1 crore earners there by others have not filed the actual earned can be clipped -then what is the use of filing -increase tax net ...
Put them behind bars
No child is a puppy for mothers...mira. may be you are grew up in a home where women works for comfort of man and yes man works to earn ...n ultimate  comfort  of himself  !!!
first control population with an iron hand if you want that
see the second generation women entreprenuers are  been grommed in western soil -u.k , u.s , europe ....... during child hood this people might have hated india ...they should have called india the dirty place to their parrent ....even they don't drink water they drink pepsi and coke .....reality of the second generation female entreprenuers ---indian manufactured foreign liqor
Kindly rethink your definition of 'the proven track-record' ! Can you once for a change, shed your bias and prejudice ? I am only asking. You are your own master !
to be very honest ,most of the news or market news are news vomit ....but any way my congratulations for the  peer pressure created on the journalist to make profit for the channels
So this means u don't trust the law n courts of our country ?
If you have the right intentions, you would clean the funding of the political parties. Let us know the sponsors of the political parties.
Suhel Patel our judiciary system ranks greater than Pakistani Judiciary. I know you are not an Indian. Ek profile laga ke kam se kam ye Teri fake ID thodi real dikhegi. Fake ID banane Ka koi fayda nahi Pakistani. Whole world know the difference between Indian judiciary and Pakistani Judiciary. Kasab's case ran for many years and he was given proper opportunity to defend despite of having that CCTV footage. That shows the power of Indian judiciary.
Why Indian Media not supporting Indian Prime Minister ? Why they are showing long ques of Bank  ?  Some thing is wrong ............
PC has a cunning ability to conceal their systematic, and generation failure of nation's economic growth but to blame others while trying to do so, gradually. Two things in India prevalent are  subsidies and concessions. Both are corrupt orientated and noncompetitive. For all politicians, pseudo secular, left groups, demand for subsidy orientated programs for all rural, and urban people. All schemes of 100000 lakh crores are declared in each budget but poorly implemented through central agencies constituted by unprofessional, political, official, and middlemen nexus, who always fancy of corruption than the success of these schemes. Second our corporate groups, who wants concession of reduced corporate tax and excise/custom duty only without competition at par world standards. Those who challenge these groups may succeed to build India. Modi was looking for only whether he will break all conventional style of development approaches rather take  bold initiatives. Demonetization may be first step to make public use and transact their money through legal ways and transfer economy more formal without indirect control of black money holders as at present. Chidambaram could not do so nor tried to so, is it?
thank god you explain otherwise.. gauge rakshak with talwars on their way.........
NDTV is giving hint to their bosses in Pakistan
He is just a mad old Man, who is playing in the hands of a rich political party. He is very clever and cunning person. He portrays himself a innocent man, which he is not.
Political Parties Can Turn In Old Notes Without Tax Scrutiny : http://www.ndtv.com/india-news/political-parties-can-turn-in-old-notes-without-tax-scrutiny-1638781
Who ever is giving comments on social media pls be sensibleness. And don't give chance/support to wrong people. We got a good prime minister who is doing/taking best steps to up bring our sys.
Nuroddin Abid yes ISI agent Spotted.......He belong to same group of agents
Vivek Gaikwad - perhaps you need burnol..  😂😂😂😂
Black economy is as big as that of the white economy and it cannot be removed without drastic measure,such as taken by Modi.
sorry ma'am pm is not able  to help you because if he even try to do so people see his move as anti-islamic and better you stay quite because women has no right to speak against cruelty acc. to our indian society.
Don't spread lies, where it is said it is Hindutva organisation.
Yup..and you guys are eternal who will abuse own nation..hihihi
एक बार फिर हमारे सैनिकों के सिर काटे गए एक बार फिर हमें राष्ट्र भक्ति के भाषण बांटे गए कब तक हम 56 इंच का सीना ढक कर बातें करते रहेंगे ढपोड़ शंख की तरह 1 की 2 और 2 कि 4 करते रहेंगें सादगी तभी अच्छी जब दोनों तरफ इंसान हों उठाना जरूरी है हथियार क्यूंकि उस तरफ हैवान है मन की बातें तो हम अपने हैं फिर भी सुन लेंगे गर...अपने ही न बचे तो इन बातों से क्या कर लेंगे तो इन बातों से क्या कर लेंगे.....?????
Chacha mamta ka sath kya seen tha politics
They're following western culture blindly 🤔😳😂😂🤣🤣pagli Bareilly ki hai na 😂
What to eat is very much personal  ?
This RSS agent still in the news?
Arrogance of communists and the so-called-elitism should be brought to check by voting them out of power like in W Bengal. The only learning from W Bengal is that Congress should not be given power as TMC has been involved in a lot of corruption too.  Who thought Mamta could paint crore worthy painting? Similarly Lavlin is also a pending case for Communists.  Communists are also for minority appeasement and dividing the nation. Lets hope they are cleaned up like in Russia.
She forget that human being got a part called brain.when human failed to utilise it,all sort of problems created.it is not about any external factor.it is all within you
AAJ rajnath Ji bizy the es Lia un ki jagah Arun jetly ji ne ninda kar di h ab Pakistan barbad ho jaiga .
I do not know why Azam Khan is angry. PM is only informing that he and his party is not faithfuls, with example of the Dogs being most faithful on planet earth.
""I think Rajan finally is saturated with dose of stupidity he had encountered during his tenure ; his exit implies he's repelling further degradation as being one eyed king in land of blind is actually a curse that tends to get on nerves every now and then ; He realized being sensible in the land of crazy is oxymoronic"" and so on :D ;)
This song is the password for starting the bike... the bike won't start if they don't sing it....password protected ignition....
Secularism and tolerance of Muslims.Islam only teaches terrorism and barbarity
paid news channel
Ni mattr wat we r not going against shariah....m a girl and i respct wats thr in shariah....
Abraham Joseph just watch and enjoy don't use ur  brilliance to create regional differences...
Did Government asked them to leave India & Go... & which money r u talking abt...? Do they earn n  donate it to the Country  .. Stop blaming Indian Gov. & BJP fr evry thing... Blame Saudi Government ... Ohhh I forget u dont hv guts to do that ..
MLA is chosen one he is always right càn a IPS officer gather a mob of 200 persons behind .So don't brush or argue u can never win.oblige and reach pensioners age.
Hazzare sahab where is Jan lokpal ? Any comment plz
While Modi was busy in meeting with ISIS mastermind erDOGan.
He can not be viewed as a national leader
What was immoral about that  Is Using condoms immoral? Is having sex immoral? Is enjoying sex immoral? Perhaps they have kids via some kind of fairy.
What about her? And even it is about mamata why is it not about BJP?
Now so much intolerance by All sutias specilly pigs
I am very very confident that Punjab will not make the same mistake of Delhi.  BJP will get more than 3 seats in Punjab.  *Fingers Crossed*
समस्या हे.... कुछ लोगो की रोजी रोटी हमारे लड़ने से चलती हे... हम सब एक होकर उनके पेट पे लात नही मार सकते हे...!!!
Dear ahmet they all paid troll dont worry our relation have already start wth turkey ...as pm modi already talking abt economics deal ......go to hell bloody troll
Desh ki jansankhya bahut h aap bharti shuru karo ham taiyar h Pakistan ko uski aukat yaad dilane k liye
this drunk reckless celebs wont learn
You already a BJP member, everybody knows. hahahaha
cost of ignoring food security, but then it is economic vulnerability.
Koi bevakuf bhi hoga toh samjh lega ki yeh shunglu report under BJP inspection bani hai.....bt anna ji i think u r not wise enuf to understand this....please support aap for MCD...we can give slaps to paid media n corrupts officials n politicians by voting right person
Nusrat Nazir you don lot of sheat that Saudi Arabia  not respect for you don  lot of damages  to saudi Arabia families you bangla and Pakistan lot secret cannout tel out what you Pakistan do to saudi Arabia family  you direct involves sure Arabica hate
What about hate crimes in India since 2002 till today in the name of Gai'mata and Racism of Dalits & Minority of Christians & Muslims
Some think, Public is fool, Some think, Is public fool. Some know, how to fool public😎😊😉
reema just said: Ansal properties is on fire: literally... c'mon reema: literally?
And he doesn't find any fault with the BJP , that says it all. 😀
No jbb xx know but the the the the onion BB king gun the KB preview to and and anzd and CCI CCI CCIZ,z xx
Seriously? Have you ever watched. Decent Tamil or Malayalam movie? Actors who did some acting are the Tamil Actors! Remya Krishna, Nassar and Sathyaraj. Direction was not as good as part 1. So many animation flaws. How could the head of the golden statue float on the last scene?
They are just tryin to make us lazy af
Aishwarya Padmanabhan..she said her child isn't a puppy..is it not offending working women?? Also I nowhere stated that I do not agree wid u that everyone has right to choice..but..nobody can deny the fact that homemakers do not hv financial security..and are completely dependent on their spouses.. This poses a threat to women empowerment.. If u r so rich that u don't need to work..as she is..let it be.. But offending women throughout world coz u lack ambition in ur life is just insane!!
There is nothing beyond Marxism.
now, no opponent of AAP
Jha Darsh Well said
Your knowledge will only be appreciated by Cows only
It is like India Produces more than to feed the entire nation still a Large no of people are hungry. Like wise PC has enough clothes on her dress but still her legs are half naked..
Joker indian army All time looser of Wars & fooling its Public that they destroyed our bunkers??? Really??? 😄😂😂😂😂😂😂
I too endorse it... So where's the difference in our thinking ?
Ur religious belief should not hurt anyone's  conscience...treat this just as problem of noise pollution..n treat every religion equally..
Trust vote or traitors vote??? It's totally unfortunate that someone who is put behind the bars is still controlling the govt of TN. Shame on the ppl who are still supporting her.
The ultimate thing is that you have guts Mr. P.M. keep it on. We are with you till death. Proud to be an INDIAN. Someone who wrote joker pm, i advice you deposit your smuggling money to RBI. F####R.
Brave man Sartaz.He put country before self interest.Congress should learn .
Ahahahahahahaha keep popping out babies at an age where you were supposed to become financially independent😂
He is not good....leader...what he has ..he is supplying money to politicians..nt common people..
Nothing wrong with secularism first impose uniform civil code and family planning
IE stoopes vri low to prove its presstitute status
NDTV covering Sanjay Dutt's release giving account by account of every movement until he reached home ""safely"" from the prison! As though a distressed innocent person who has been held hostage by some kidnappers has been released and reached safely home!
What If, India should also talk Turkey to make peace with kurds or declare Kurds an independent nation.  Because Turkish army has been involved in lot of Kurds genocide like PAKISTANI army doing to balochis
kashmir issue is root cause for voilence... what bristish did with indians, india is doing same with kashmir....... From 1947 to 1989 kashmiris were 100% peacefully demanding for pelbisite, and referendum..... but they were killed, harrassed, and arrested by troops of Terrorist india.... in 1989 youth pick up weapons against the tyrants and occupational troops.... and till now indian troops have killed 90000 + civilians in Kashmir, at least 15000 have been disappeared after arrest by troops.... and the resistance is increasing day by day... by reluctant behavior of troops and govt... and these filthy orders........ there is only one way for peace in pak, india.... solve kashmir issue acc to wishes of kashmiris.... and see you will leave west behind.
For sunni wahabi and converted Christians its EVM magic. Ha ha ha
So much sympathy towards thieves...find no difference between sympathisers and thieves...bcoz sympathisers are by nature communal and want others to be secular with them..
Fake fella! Has no sensitivity for poor, only Big Corporates matter to this man because they financed his election.
Mr pm do u knw how many people has lost thr  life's due to your demonetisation.can u please tell us who is responsible for such a destruction???
Wow .N now what ,  yogi should resign ?
Maitreya Ram ha ha ha.. in my under more then 700 hidus working, i think  they are my brother i never ever did different bitween then thats they  are hindu or muslim.. you fools dont have power thats Allah make you as lust who was nothing then a """"0"""" .  be mature broo humanity is more then pakisthan and hindusthan. and  hindu or muslim..
A time Will come when pakistan will be only in history
Is this rogue considers himself to be CJI ? that he started passing judgement.
All of their act is to propagate hatred against Muslims only to fulfill there political lust...no religion reached to enforce its rules on other now Hindus are trying to enforce their rules on Muslims.
Sonya please take gale ki khich khich as u were coughing a lot earlier also
Pakistan and India have overcome all their problems: Poverty, hunger, disease and illiteracy have all become the history of past.. Now, they are facing only 2 problems..Pakistan's problem is how to bring PSL in Lahore.. And India's problem is to get silenced the girl Gurmehar Kaur
With you modiji..but pls arrest the issue at ground...people have now started suffering. Remove transaction charges for initial 3 months. Open a complaint system wherein people can regsiter against anyone who refuses to accept digital payment with a penalty and punishment clause.
I stand with Sonu  Nigam.
I will be waiting hahaha.....!!
Why always sikh faces Pakistan? Why not hindus?
Sirish Kunder.. If Media is quoting him as a celebrity I'm not sure to laugh at Media or Sirish Kunder...
No,he is working for bjp,ppl must hv understood by now.! #mcdelections
Your problem can,be solved anytime, anywhere within 24 hours by bharo sidhi pt.jk jyotishi +91-8968848458 sp.in love marriage, sotandur, dusman chutkara, gharkalesh,nokri,videsh yatra,factory, shop, losses,,helth,childless,all kind of problems
With help of Amar Mani Tripathi, Great India in process.
Pakistan Army is a highly professional force and shall never disrespect a soldier even Indian, says ISPR
i thought it was our own 'hormonal outburst' that made us vulnarable.
I dnt know if he is doing right or wrong.... bt today the scenerio is modi has become bigger than india.... i dnt what change he has brought to india bt
Why does he not speak the same in the Lok Sabha? Why does he have to escape debate? Why does he speak only in front of his party?
Just pathetic, speeches & speeches - no work .....the while country is in a mess and the speeches don't end ... Start working
First Joke of 2017
Nd umm we saw what happened during azan controversy so enough of ur not forcing BS.
secualarism means basing hindu and there culture, u can't criticize the azan see how reaction comes and so called free speech champion are silent
Are you pronouncing it right?
By supporting our PM, we are supporting ourselves to get out of corrupt system in which we are caught. Change will not come overnight and without suffering and sacrifice.
Good job Delhi Police.....kindly provide such treatment to Indian Express....
Really shamefull for our democratic country
No PM is talking about education to all. Make people educate them they will tell you how to govern them
He is absolutely right.when Prophet Mohd born there was no loudspraker.
which show speed in kilobytes or megabytes
Kab tk mrte rahenge humare soldiers ,kitne logo ke mrne ke baad modi ji action lenge
Continue your hypocritical secularism....lol.....thank you..bcas it will gift more votes for BJP
We understand this is one of the reasons but for that sake we can not loose our grip on slaughter houses
Central Government should take stern action against MP, no special treatment.
Modi ki need ek sakht kadam uthaya... Sabko paresani Hui line khade hone me
lol such truth cannot be said loud anymore Neel😂.Funny bit is people are told that congress looted and they sing that song, the  guess whom they have appointed!
By terrorists standard, stone pelting is peaceful and non violent
very good bhai
His career is in the declining stage thts y doing these things to gain publicity. It shows his frustration.
Zubin Reynolds, dead bodies of slain soldiers never lie ....
Thank you sufiya... you made us all unite again ... against hatred 😍😍😍
Shiv Sena has lost it. Uddhav thakrey  could have earned some points by mentioning that this said minister did wrong and we respect the common man of nation and etc etc. By doing this they are only harming their image. Their real vent is against NAMO and hence they are doing what congress has been doing,  of not allowing parliament to function. ..but this issue and this man ....SS got to rethink.
Who??? Did not mention no names it was a general comment. Don't like it fine
Modi is a well brilliant student of Harvard university wait a second not harvard university hard work university of nagpur run by saffron terrorism of india. Go back gujrati gadha #modi
Rajkumar really? Many 10s of millions of people have died under stalin, pol pot and mao. And you think it is Modi that's unleashed hate politics! LMAO!  Infact the only thing u can compare this to is ironically the bloody rise of Christianity and Islam over the course of history. No wonder u left wingers are bedfellows of Islamists. You do have a lot in common.
Modi de poor
This is not first time BJP ruling India, why same was not implemented by earlier BJP govt. Do they also ment same, what you are saying about IG
We are seeing it ..In Kerela..How BJP and RSS worker are being killed there in Kerela by the most tolerant brigade ..
What is the fun of running such a program. All the recommended stocks have had a dream run, yesterday during the Mahurat trading. In some cases target given for next diwali has almost been achieved yesterday itelf .
Now Gau Pita will be seen on formula one tracks.. 😂😂
This is the catagory man which our father of nation rightly said""EDUCATION WITHOUT KNOWLEDGE""
Would like to congratulate   Mr. Gadkari & Government on their proactive aoroaches, in particular why MUMBAI Roads are at pathetic conditions. When we have Best  constructed MUMBAI PUNE ROAD, SEA LINK Etc. Why Major so called financial city Road constructions & Maintenence to be given to Best Road construction companies LIKE IRB INFRA, L&T , HCC... Sir Maharashtra is paying highest Road Tax in India.
Ideally he should join bjp...
Sir As small business I support you I have stoped business from 8th November.
I guess u didn't follow what has happened just there in the Hague!!
Band break . Lol.  It is just like setting gsm 3g and 4g. By band we break which 4g network to chose.
Of course he does. He's is the ceo to one of the biggest companies in the world, he deserves all the money he makes
i don't understand how hindus in kerala allowing others 2 kill cows?
Isn't it against democratic norms to force countrymen to go digital specially seeing the education level of masses .Will government take responsibility for the cyber crime in the digital banking and compensate the public losses.
Why BJP don't say about GAURAKSHAKS and Hindu who killed 9 and raped 2 so far
Oh wow. Some comments supporting mute mohan singh. Where are you guys when he was PM?
A country where Animals are more safe then humans  😀😀😀😀
Sagar Chavan, Rohit sharma- It's not your,as well as Mira Rajputs right to use slang and criticize women for their life's decision. Atleast God forbid our husbands died or something happened to his career, we won't have to ask anyone for money,we will earn it. It's not sin to pursue dreams,career goals,passions even after child birth. We will decide it, not you or celebrities. Kids are smarter, tougher,independent these days, so does mothers, and they love each other. Your certificate of good mother,good wife which is based on social not as box is not required!!!
Mr. Jammu and kasmir ..what are u telling about is past..now army is really helpful to u j&k ...so that they are bearing ur stoning and other tortures..we all watch the video how u treat our great soldiers.. They made road for u They made schools for u The give u free medicines. Many more things.. But u ..shame on u.. Go to flashback When u kasmiris suffering from flood ,who helped u.the great indian army helped u..at that time u took help but now u are torturing them instead of supporting to destroy  terrorism..u are betraying with army.. Shame on u kasmiri bhai
For some stupid peoples... good... patriot muslims are being affected
Let's wait for the results 😎
i already told u the award wining actor is bjps official servent.. media not focus on 2 jawans killed today but on akshay kumar..
Aray yaar... How many people are sleeping on roads think about then na....    Birds can drink water anywhere......    What is this? What is this?
I don't know about disrespect to the puppies...but to me this just showed her perception of bringing up puppies, which is quite wrong. Puppies cannot/should not left be alone growing up.
He can very well use  credit card. Staff salaries can be paid by cheque. It's all stunt. People like us can manage our show then he is a VIP.
The suspicion that the severance pay to Bansal was 'hush money' was deeply disturbing: Infosys Chairman
Bros pls admit it he might be a good actor but bheem is known for his muscular body which he don't have....and bodysuit won't look good in a 1000cr.film....so it's better to cast young good actor like nivin who can do good...
If Modi and BJP resign barrister owaisi and coming PM mamthaji sure help to needy people
Haha.. n in long run u n ur party will vanish from the earth.
Keep sphere some more thanks to modi for future also. History repeat itself
It is already creating disturbances my frenz. All the reservations should be brought down. If any such reservations are applicable, it should be based purely on economic grounds. JAI HIND
Dr. Raghu Ram Rajan was defenitely an intellectual and genius. That is the reason he became Indias RBI governor. But when it comes to performance, I think, he could not deliver what India expected of him. He took charge as RBI givernor when India was on a take off line. But the governor failed to press the accelerator . I think he was rather keeping his feet on the brake.  All genius are negatively oriented.
As far as the point is concerned .. any thief can enter in ur country from LoC n attack on u n kill BsF jawan  .. wow .. isnt it somethng amazing..  so u can say pakistan also did a surgical strike bt with evidence.. ri8 ??
Motherhood is instinctive. Allah says in Quran ""Your wives are a tilth for you"". Only Islam gives women their rights. All other ""isms"" exploit them for consumerism.  Secular govts promote feminism so they can tax both the genders and control the children.
No chance
he z the real leader every one is black shaded but he atlease tring to eradicate
It's likely to be an  inside job.to distract attention
definitely not by 4:30 in the morning..
God bless everyone. I am not a Hindu but why am I forced to not to eat beef, listen to ganesh festival loudspeakers for days with DJs, kept awake with the loudspeakers on navratris for whole night and much much more. When will this forced religiousness end in India?
I was confused while reading this! Is this same Indian express which gave 2 rating?
Poor Modi Ji.. fighting all alone, while bureaucracy, IT Dept, banking system, political establishment and everything else top-down is blatantly corrupt. Hope he succeeds.
Gg is grt again he give donation of his mom cash prize to the victims
Kalyan Das, plz improve ur journalism. Ban in place since last 6 years. They don't even get a visit visa here nd same goes with dependant nd work visa as well.
Employees killed by endian cowards coz they can't fight with brave soldiers of Allah
He is a chadm bjp supporter .  He is jealous.  He is the person who showed the back and ran away cowardly when they entered politics .  Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP)  Aam Aadmi Party  Anna Hazare  ABP News  The Times of India
Also I'll probably spend an hour more with the puppy, screw babies!
Before reaching Goa Singh had arrangements with bjp
who is that alien creating brand image in earth , send to nasa ...
ye bolte bhi h.......are soniya ne bol diya hoga isliya bola h
Stop killing people in Kannur and stop the rapes in Kerala. criminal party of India CPI-M
Omg. All this can happen in Chennai only.
super modi
Will now government provide shelters for each one? This will be a great move.
when akshay kumar was involved in religious debate?? =D Does  patriotism belongs to a specific religion?? =D come out of your sick mindedness.
You PEOPLE Have GIVEN ENOUGH bitter PILL  till NOW, but PEOPLE WILL GIVE ONLY ONE BITTER PILL IN 2019.
Riya Biswas why Mamta banned Durga Puja? Why she kept silence on Malda?
And yet you can't even write proper English.. hahaa.
As if India is going to manufacture them. we should be ashamed not proud.
Bjp did it to davert peoples attention... Dumb people are so miss guided on the name of religion.
She is only a women not a cow so she deserves no respect #bjp
I don't believe him, waiting for 50days to prove him his sincerity.
Anshu R Srivastava Madame I can't say anything about your thinking 💭process and perception but I respect your views if u think I am fool as u know me very well from my 👶 childhood.
Just get new currency to people and we will be happy
Modi is doning  very good work. But lot of people were suffering . kindly I hope next time he didn't do that giving hardest   announcement.
You can ride this bike in the night only. Daytime it won't start. Programmed
Good morning to you and your family and friends of the world of work to do it for the next few days ago and I don't know what to say that the government of India limited to the next few days ago and I don't know what to do it for the day before the end of the world of work to be a good day
I completely stand by Sonu Nigam.
Very sad. They don't  have  any  value for kids. She should be put in jail till her last breath.
Never
But we openly accept wht about you where u r 100+ jehadis were killed by Indian surgical strike. In our case we were claiming we did it n also all big country shown there support after knowledge from their satellite  Here our gov saying yes but your army chief saying we didn't do anything n no other country accepting this happend this means our strategy of army want to take advantage of this to attack on. Can't u ppl use your brain.
My comment is still waiting for my father of nations Mr- Modi ji
Why not you ban RSS , Bajrangdal,and Ram sena ,
Karara jawab dene ki bat to barso se chal raha hai lekin kab denge
So sad is this the way u treat children??
Ye budda rss agent ....
Actually that tears will make MLA to pay price....it is stronger than any opposition party's  allegations......and it is natural response.....here is one thing to be noted that,how police treated by politicians.are they belongs to their personal property? Everyone should be respected. ...They are public servants,so are politicians...politicians makes legislation and civil servant implement it...so they are on same line....we are social democracy demand everyone equal respect...jai hind
Or looking for replacement to take over??? Need to catch red handed only then dismissal???
No bike like RE , Bajaj ur just a kid😂
Historical day for stock markets. BSE getting listed on NSE. A STOCK EXCHANGE BECOMES A STOCK ITSELF.
Pinnarayi is no one chutiya
Each one of us has a debt of Rs 54,000. Wondering how? Not wondering but it is too little in comparison to the facilities and development.  As Sw.Rajeev Gandhi said Govt spent 1 rupee only  10 paisse reaches to public ? What about Black money ?
And india is role model for cow urine drinker
#ExpressFrontPage Some students from the Valley said that the national anthem was even played in the middle of the football match on Friday, at the insistence of the ABVP activists.
AAP is paying the price of its Mahan PAAP. AAp should be given a safe burial in Delhi.
मेरे पडोस में मंदिर है, सुबह सुबह भजन सुन कर मेरी नींद खुलती है, कभी कभी रात भर का जागा रहता हूँ, लेकिन भजन या आरती या अज़ान की आवाज़ से कभी चिढ नहीं होती !  #sonunigam
Rightly said..... South Indian movies in particular.... Full of rage and violence..... And most importantly encourages male chauvinism.......
Modiji where you are. This post for you long time waiting
Sad, RIP
Appreciate  it proofs that indian Muslims are more responsible then Pakistan
Debasis Sahoo eat cow meat very tasty
Sonu ji, Ajaan will be melodious and heart touching lyrics if you join in Islam  religion
What's wrong with deepika ...she wokeup with nightie and walked straight away 😠
Priyanka looks like a diva n deepika Luks like in nightwear 😜
Why don't Hindus living in UAE and Saudia never complain about this forced religiousness? It's because they are used to it.  Calls for prayer from any religion should not be considered as an annoyance.
Mr. Modi's claim seems totally ironical esp in country like India, where, there are no family planning; 35% ppl are illiterate, unemployment & corruption. Above all, every govt which comes in power wants ppl to breed more & more, so that the issues like unemployment, corruption, crimes, hunger, homelessness, couldn't be ended; & their vote bank remain secure.
Only targeting and complaining???  See Pehlu Khan. You are lucky, Maya.
Dear Mr ex I think I heard your voice for the very first time. You were quite in your governance when 2G , commonwealth and coal loots have taken place. You were quite and you should be quite . Thanks anyways for at least speaking.
Try to Shutdown the mouths of the beef eaters in BJP
just because of few misguided people, one can no blame any particular community. There are good and bad people in every community and religion. It is unfair to punish majority of innocent people for the deeds of few.
Pakistan is ahead of nuclear Race than India... where is India spending ?
Officers demanding 24hours for eradicating terrorism .yyyyyy dont they guve order to officer.
Retard it's BJP but lokpal was bread and butter for Aap
JDP fool your Bhakts Jumla Man
How can a currency issued by the RBI become black money. Someone please help.
he might have got some assurance for some thing from polititions
Dear Indian Express, I feel sorry to write that your journalists are out there to misinterpret events and present them in a distorted manner just to make some sensational headlines. The news about upcoming singer Nahid Afreen has been prepared without proper research and investigation. It was very sad to see that your journalists don't even know the difference between fatwa and appeal.  A fatwa is a non-binding legal opinion issued only by a qualified jurist (Mufti) on a request by someone who is unable to understand religious guidelines whereas the leaflet that is being circulated and presented as Fatwa is just a hard copy of an appeal signed by 46 men who believe in religious practices. The merit of appeal can be discussed on many grounds and in many dimensions but first and foremost, an appeal can not be called a legal opinion (Fatwa).  We expect apology from your side for such a mistake.
And bury all the bodies of those who have died because of demonetization in a place where no one gets a smell of it.
some of SC sect use beef only after death of cow & buffalo is sacrificed to god & beef eaten, now by killing cows
Hate for modi doesnt mean you have to be anti everything govt does. After all what has congress done for poor, downtrodden and minorities? 70 years in independence..if they proudly stand and say we are protesting for poor - then they should be ashamed of their governance. Economic prosperity+ distribution of wealth is only way. I don't get it. People of your community should be the ones who should have been fed up with Congress, mamta etc and their false promises of bringing prosperity. their game is not to win by prosperity but by bringing fear of the alternative- and you guys have bought it hook, line and sinker.
Nàil the politicians, do not make the common man suffer.
such ministers should teach lessons for misuse of powers...
We want the bike BAJAJ not these hymns which is of no use to us.
How much they paid?
why should non bjp decide what we should eat and what not
hehe yes thats why bjp won 100%seats in last election
Why Private Investment is not picking up in  spite of all concessions
His statements are as false as if Sunny Leone confirms that she is a virgin
Arvind kejriwal says EVM is faulty he may be actually right. Bcoz the same evm made him CM two years back😂 #आप_साफ
But mandir don't play bhajan everyday 5 times... Mandirs only play when any festival celebrate.. more difference.. 150 times a month and 5 times a month
These jobless idiots have nothing else to do other then tweet just to stay in limelight.
What about huge loan given to big business man, why are not even paying interest incl Adani
500,notes and 1000,in place same currency print problem less,2000,there is a exchange problem.
Twin balance sheet is the problem created for safe exist of financial criminal   Kindly pull up socks  & Think of nation   Do not leave any looter   Your survey why don't cover this   Col lamba
And what about fathers of nowadays and old times who beat up their wives and children? No thoughts about them being good fathers? Why bring in modern women into every argument huh? How about women in rural areas who sell their kids, abort them before they die or mothers in law who burn their new brides? They're all modern women? Change your way of thinking.
Yes you are correct. But i don't understand why our Government responded at this. This case might have long gone if they never responded. Personally i don't know what ICJ is and i am not even interested to know about it. Only thing i am interested in is that public execution of this terrorist.
Aawwww what about fenku ji who sold this country to Ambani adani?
he isnt getting enough work in life.....thats what i think....
http://indianexpress.com/article/india/fatwa-issued-against-reality-singing-star-nahid-afrin-by-42-clerics-4569825/  Dear Indian Express, I feel sorry to write that your journalists are out there to misinterpret events and present them in a distorted manner just to make some sensational headlines. The news about upcoming singer Nahid Afreen has been prepared without proper research and investigation. It was very sad to see that your journalists don't even know the difference between fatwa and appeal.  A fatwa is a non-binding legal opinion issued only by a qualified jurist (Mufti) on a request by someone who is unable to understand religious guidelines whereas the leaflet that is being circulated and presented as Fatwa is just a hard copy of an appeal signed by 46 men who believe in religious practices. The merit of appeal can be discussed on many grounds and in many dimensions but first and foremost, an appeal can not be called a legal opinion (Fatwa).  We expect apology from your side for such a mistake
For some people promoting racism in form fairness products is okay, but promoting condom has become immoral. Wow, What a great society!
No dialogue with Pak.pak understood only one language that is war.
Even watching a wall is more interesting than this launch
If they keep on increasing the price maybe UBER and OLA will anyway have to ask for some other country citizenship...Greed is overtaking the concept big time.
congrats on haijacking aiadmk. only way to capture power. people can't become great like jaya ,mgr or annadurai.
Why add ""A DALIT"", he is a human being as we are all ... why discrimination !!!
Akshay Sharma a century = 100 years  loud speaker was invented in 1877  so basically 140 years. while not ;centuries' definitely more than a century :P
They did not
Who the hell is mira Rajpoot?? Just the wife of a famous actor! What has she achieved in her life? Why the hell should we even spend time reading what SHE said??
Sundar Kumar There something called as police my friend, let the police investigate, its not for us to make conclusion.
It's fault of UP people....... Keep electing those goons.
Sonu Nigam should move to Pakistan. No loud speaker will be able to disturb him since there is no ELECTRICITY 😂
Let him built some drinking water tanks in villages, of AP, where people are dying of drought, may be this is morning thought
aren't these people tired of  justifying demonetisation. and what about previous justifications that fell flat.
Lekin has devoled himself as a brand ambassador of Modi virodh and for this reason his party will continue to get funding from many people with in india and overseas. Hence his note spinning machine will be running at full speed.
They are dropping our expectation so that we are not extremely disappointed
Even the fares almost got a hike of 70% yet there is no real devlpmnt...
Akshay Kumar would obviously praise India. He has Canadian citizenship which means he is not Indian but he still got an award for free.
WOW...6 Billion......how much was it when the Feku took over😀😀😀😀
If Sunny leone condom ad cause rapes.  Then 1 reason govt. thinks 2 ban meat could be: Eating Meat will encourage cannibalism #meatban
Your understanding of this issue is too immature. Kashmiri youth has been radicalized by religious bigots. They can't be cured.
The Prez should visit Kashmir and see for himself how ""happy"" the Kashmiris are3. Most Indians are miserable in their country. The Prez living in the lap of luxury paid for the people of India should stop waxing eloquent.
Yes sir u r absolutely right all hindu festivals dont happen 5 times a day, but when they happen they happen with outburst causing incovinience to almost all human beings whether it is hindu, muslim, sikh, christian but no one ever complaint about it because we enjoy together we dance in ganesh chaturthi, burn crackers together celebrate christmas together and have shirkhurma in ramazan we all are one family. Dont divide us on religious background, azan is a process to call everyone to prayer and let everyone know the time of prayer because we cant set alarm for it as it changes with sun rise and sunset. We have always been together in flying kites and causing problems to birds, we have always been together in causing fire and noise pollution in diwali, we have always been together in playing with artificial colors and water wastage in holi, we have always been together in band baja on ganesh chaturti, we together had ramazan sweet, we celebrated christmas together lets be together on azan also dont know someday we will be benefitted by it.
Let her protect cow and buffalo. Let her live with it. But killing human beings for this is irrational and cruelty to the core. Hate these dump politics
Keralites should show BJP the door.Let them rule the roost elsewhere.
I can't understand the purpose of pouring milk on human.
Thank God sir you didn't join AAP... Now you seem like an RSS plant and you've sadly lost all your credibility Annaji
How you can say that ?? How much you know about international relations ICJ ? ICJ is in Europe where death sentence is banned. Any death sentence case goes to ICJ of course relief will be rewarded.
He whatever speak doesn't matter, the natter is he speaks.. finally..!!!
Neither she is good to see nor  a good actress, queen of overacting
yes- the action like sex, violence should be band in movies, tv series etc
Brij Bushan, you must be an RSS man
U. P. Govt  has started an ambulance service for taking ill and injured cows to veterinary doctors for medical treatment ....
Prateek Chaturvedi please do mind country's PM should  not behave like an Roadside politician, who ever and belongs to which which political party it is. One should keep up the respect of the high chair of the country in words, deeds and thoughts. This is the first time sitting PM got down to the lowest level in political History of Independent India.
Turkey has openly supported Pakistan's stance on the Kashmir conflict. Ankara, further, recognizes Jammu and Kashmir as part of Pakistan. Both nations were part of Cold War alliance called the Central Treaty Organization. Where are Bhakts now??
I feel pity to this person. He doesnt even know whats the power of prayer in daily life.
why he was carrying indian passport with name pf Mubarak hassan patel
sreyan,,,,,ur right,,,,,I don't know, why government creating this much IIT's in every state,,,,, it's just loosing charm of IIT,,,,,, only old 5 IIT (b,d,m,k,kgp) hv reputation,,,,, some central and state university r much better than this newly coming IIT's....... instead creating new iit,,,, it's better to create NIT's ,,,,,so IIT brand retain its charm
Condemn  is the foolish word to speak  Why do these incidents take place more only in bjp rule?
How much you pay each mla?
you media persons raising question to coverage your channel...againts govt an govt shows their sympaty for a whl...nothing happn...the family members of the martyrs new the pain..
He has the right to express his view
Sahii haii will u any tall where is old promise.  Like 15 lac many more
When it is banned in bjp ruled states, it should also be banned in other states. There should be no difference between states.
Soon thay will start eating pampers also😁😁😁
Does our constitution gives power to misbehave to these elected members? Or once elected they think they are demi-gods?
RSS agent Mr Hazare how you are feeling now?
Black is becoming white so i pray to Sri ganeshji  bless modiji
Why don't u join bjp?? Poor man
Anna you are taking fight and fasting for lokpal during UPA. Why u r so silent now. Is it a pre planned drama? Kejriwal is better, till fighting against high level corruption.
Level of intolerance in display.Where is the freedom of expression now?
Bro u're wrong look at comments of ur peaceful brothers
He is just an opportunist...Who doesn't hv stand...Wat he can do is fasting and eating at night
Excellent reply by Maya
Not agree with u. U never did good job and u never took daring decisions. Being a EX P.M, u should support Modi jee, u must suggest how to overcome small issues in curbing black money. Shameful behaviour
Indian Express i could not stop 'lol'ing after reading this😊😊
Now source of income lost that's why he will become gone mad
Bike was ready in 2015 .. the song rehersal took an extra year!!!!!
She has been quite right that her daughter will need more of her time and not just a pat as we do to our pet and forget about them.
This type of debate wud always create ruckus much to do about nothing  so plz stop posting... This loudspeakers issue has nothing  to do with the religion.. Azaan can be made even without it and that wud be  a lot better let
U r imposter and keep of RSS,U have already exposed.
Increase gold reserve by mining so that we don't have to spend much time and energy in searching black money.
As a NRI, I can say that India is lucky to have Modi. It makes me SAD when some of people writes bad.
USA should wipe the bstds  Aff the fkn planet North Korea is want a war they keep provoking America Pyongyang wants to use nuclear weapons against any country they hate America shouldn't delay any longer and give the fkr  More time to get a ballistic missile that would reach mainland America or further even if America doesn't do anything I garentee North Korea will fire one at any European country it wishes so America must act
Shut that irritating RSS. And get them punish if we Indians want development rapidly..
Appealing to the Dalit community in the area, she invoked the Rohith Vemula suicide case and the Una incident to target the BJP.
Dear Indian Express, I feel sorry to write that your journalists are out there to misinterpret events and present them in a distorted manner just to make some sensational headlines. The news about upcoming singer Nahid Afreen has been prepared without proper research and investigation. It was very sad to see that your journalists don't even know the difference between fatwa and appeal.  A fatwa is a non-binding legal opinion issued only by a qualified jurist (Mufti) on a request by someone who is unable to understand religious guidelines whereas the leaflet that is being circulated and presented as Fatwa is just a hard copy of an appeal signed by 46 men who believe in religious practices. The merit of appeal can be discussed on many grounds and in many dimensions but first and foremost, an appeal can not be called a legal opinion (Fatwa).  We expect apology from your side for such a mistake.
SHS and BJP are Brothers..Balasahib is like a godfather for us..thats okay what about Congress...ha..ha..ha..Mr.Jha??
Modi ji Can your action control root cause  of black money i.e. Corruption in politics and bureaucracy. Can u raise  honesty standards for your members of member of parliament
Why our jawans killed like this why not take drone and  kill these left seudo boom,boom.only takes10 minute what a same discuss same topic with sycophants left and congress. Sir patras discuss with home for best solution.
Bhai just demolishing babari masdi ....many people have been died.. what do you want to say about it
Pl. some of u r thing looks good but anyway ask u r specialist ! I m Gautam from Melbourne !
US does not have compulsory Military service
Pack and come back
What will happen if any govt could not complete it 5 yrs term? This is impratical.
we will support Mr Modi  as opposition has proved they aren't capable of ruling the country
Do u really think we did this.....!!!
do not tax our brain ..we are exempted from tax
Some literal people are actualy illiterate by thought. They won't understand. Modi sir go ahead, we r wid u.
Lolz Its Ground reality, not film Phantom 😂😂 this is called Surgical strick 😉
You are comparing an efficient Yogi elected by people to rule with that murderous turd Aurangzeb? :-\
He spoke slowly & softly. Still he was looking angry 😀
he deserved  to a donky cart'.....
This is all drama. I hope people of Delhi and India don't get fooled by this emotional note. AAP is trying to project Kumar Vishwas as their new leader because they know that Arvind's magic is not working! Kumar Vishwas has suddenly started ranting on Arvind Kejriwal for his Evm blames and Surgical strikes. No wonder why Arvind has released this note. This is a well planned script! He is sucha vicious politician.
Is there anything else humane that u can do ... if there is none then stop even blabbing....
good to know Pakistan launched a surgical strike ... stupid indian media pushing his country in war for another Pakistan ;-)
sonu nigam ..actually....u shuld celebrte diversity of india ...to live with peace....becuz as u knew tht diversty is our strength...nd also priase........
Is it true that political parties are exempt from scrutiny
What he said is correct
The process already is failed total currency in circulation is 15 lakh crore already around 14 lakh crore is deposited so where is the black money !!
While i agree with rest of your comment Sonika was not a Bengali and Vikram who was allegedly behind the wheel was also not a Bengali ...it's just about when we get leeway we try to bcome leeway taking mafias and breaking rules😢😢😢😢....don't think being Bengali has to do anything with it😛😛😛😢😂😉😉😉
Poor marketing campaign!!!! I have no clue what she is selling?!?!?!?😕😕😕
he must travel train's general compartments...like #aam admi#
Is his statement genuine or its just fear of reaction keeping The hate disguised
The so-called park is actually a slaughter farm!
Dhruv Tejaswi and u are an aaptard who likes calling names to women, if they are bjp supporters
There we go... Hindu & Muslim rhetoric started... Wonderful..
Bring Kejriwal so that he can paint India red
Very laughing comment""massive win""..this is the comment of known freeze patrakar.""Indian express""..
Alla haters will be answerd with his performance....
As per his commitment in 2014, every citizen's Bank Account has already been credited with Rs.15 lakh !!! Now they will be able to keep their money safe in their respective ""houses"" in 2022 !!!
After the damage is done,what report? 😀
I think practicing the song would have taken much time Den making the bike
Some opposition leaders and biased media want to keep this matter alive.They have no concern for other number of deaths in the past.
👎👎👎 What type of Person u are. 👎👎
he is a silent rss supporter.
If people of this nation wants him to be a PM even after all this.
Why including bjp in that lol?? How thinghs easily diverts in India
you can see his dominance after release
Unemployment has effected so  adversely on his mental condition; he has started barking instead of speaking.
Absolutely . Also I feel being privileged does solve a lot of issues that people like us or the ones we know are dealing with on a daily basis .
If he's so anti muslim then I wonder how muslims are living happily in his constituency???
Modi Ji execution is your strength yet in demonetization execution is poor. Also the farmer in your govt is really suffering. Not much for farmers enablement and survival.
He's right. It is a bitter pill, and it has caused a long term illness. He speaks sense for once! ;-)
according to BJP cow is more important then women so they want to protect cows.
India today invented new line of control which is crucial line of control
Zaira ur work is so much appreciable .....everyone liked you performance but one thing u should keep in mind that we are under their tyranny , they   had already made carnage  here and u should also keep ur customs and sentiments in the view....... thanks  a lot u had shown that our KASHMIR is full of talent and we can do anything ......and better than others
Comparison of this movie with any Khan is waste, there is no match, its like earth and sky. Bollywood can't meet this kind of standard . #Bahubali2 just rock
Still better than what Yogi propogate!
Only People with black money have lot of negative comments sir..  We are with you..
Gandhi looted this country by corruption.. Some one has daring speak publicly, to whom ppl have given mandates in Parliament, Pm Namo. 85% citizens support Gov.
Really..?? I dont think.. IITs are overrated.. even if people might argue that... JEE doesnt test your brains,intelligence.. it tests something far more important.. the real ingredient for success-sincerity..  Plus it gifts you a great platform to build your career..! This guys just gt defeated.. Most people dont.. Most people come out of their cocoon.. and spread their wings.. and soar to new heights!!! Most importantly it throws at you different challenges.. and help you build your character!! Yourself.. a successful person..  PS:Not an IITian.. no sour grapes.
This launch is certainly not for the faint hearted xP
Sir plss give some relief poor and lower middle class people
No it does not... Stop pushing commie ideology
Nothing let him it harms nothing as nothing special about it Exposoure is also an expression
It's coz they want more and more ppl of fb live to watch before they launch.. big ppl no time.
Banning beef is right?
All my life i thought real black money is in swiz bank in electronic form ...
Only if it was a cow, there would have been a helicopter ambulance!  India will remain poor for another 100 years as we tend to enjoy Jumlas and religion more rather than focus on such issues!
Great Work but a long way to go. Elephants walk and dogs bark let them do so
On every news it was  except ndtv😂😂 be ready with burnol it will help u on 11😂😂
Verdict given by public.u are nt a god to decide
Please don't try to fool anyone. How can your Chithi do this? OPS as CM of TN can alone bring a resolution in TN Assembly.
1st Prize for Sonu - Next National Award. 2nd Prize - Confirm Seat for Next Election..😆😆😆😆😆
Why should he do Assam? He's not muslim. He's a HINDU
He will never Vinod Gupta ji...coz u know some hidden agenda..
Today u are behaving like a politician sir rather than a leader by just claiming the past pm who are no more
Is this news more important then triple talaq or save the cow?
Yes sure,thanks for updating me.
In one hand JNU got top university Award for quality work and research and in another hand they cut 83% research seat.... What a great award to JNU,  grt appreciation by Govt....
You are BJP party
No value for life in our country ! Is it the overwhelming population that is making the docs & staff in the Govt hospitals so cold & hard hearted- very sad indeed - where should the poor go .. there's absolutely no empathy towards the poor
Has he even taken a responsibility or a post and shown a performance??? It's easy to bark and advice... but better he perform and prove it ...
He could make the remarks he is not under any SECULAR COMPULSION OR COALITION DHARMA.
They were come to LOC for surgical strike And go back after mutilation 😂😂😂😂
I knew something was fishy. Then it became obvious. 🤣
#IndianExpress who is she🤔
now they have started realising that it is a sinking boat for sure.when it is question of days only.
What happened to his hyped agitation on Lokpal which has not been appointed so far. It seems to have been a ploy to create political turmoil.
Don't give up.... Keep fighting #BCCI  Indian will respect you decisions
Yes ok after this I checked Vikram is Vikram Chatterjee...still its unfair to say Bengalis r reckless drivers...Dodi Fayed was not a bong Salman Khan was not a bong....it's simple case of city system not being in place....Reckless and Drunk driving has anything to do with race...is quite a generalisation 😢😂😢
Two high profile fake stories 1- Pak enter India, killed Indian soldier and mutilate the bodies and came back unhurt while rest of Indian army was sleeping. 2- Ajmal kasaab manage to sail from Karachi to Mumbai in a boat while India strong navy was asleep and brutally killed people.
Hahah....BABA jee ko phir BJP ne nikala sandook mein se....MCD ke elections hai na....Waah re BJP Prem...Babajee Gau Rakshak jo logo ko maar rahe hai uspe bhi bol do kuch ya Boss ne permission nahi di....
Sorry i am boycotting raees
Mr Nigam you are a singer which means to some extent you also make noise pollution..have we complained...stop thinking that you are above god..respect all religion..you have millions of Muslim fans also
There is only one reason and tat knows every one in Congress and even ppl of  India.
Why pokhran?  Test it on porkistan itself.
It's your turn modi ji do what ever you want to do..
Police officers should learn from Kiran Bedi  how not to be scared. Stick to your position.
Anna Hazare got name of Mahatma Anna Hazare bcse of his work bt later  lost all respect since 2014 .. He ws agent of BJP, RSS & fool us in the name of nation & Lokpal.
This attack involved RAW Modi
childish express  god knows when u guys will be mature ☺☺☺☺
And P.M as 60 crores P.M
So Madam Mira says that working mothers treat their kids like puppies ? A mother's love is a mother's love- wthr she spends one hr or twenty four with a child.   Not everyone is married to a celebrity. Many women have to work ti support their husbands and ensure a decent future for the kid.   Madam, you are insulting them by saying that they treat the kids like puppies.  *To add* You decide to bring a baby into the world and into your family. It is the same with puppies or any other pet for that matter.  Your pet is not for your recreation that you would spend one hour with them and run away. People who really bond with their pets treat them like their own kids.  Obviously you neither know much about keeping pets nor about motherhood.
He has selective deafness...He has never heard bhajans or arti or jagrata in Mandir, only azan from mosque
We need kadi Ninda from government. That's all what we'll get.
Instead of demonetisation pls try remodification... try standing in ATMs where there is no cash....try buying via swiping card where most of the POS are blunt and the network has pending issues... Bravo ! suicide attack on own motherland!
Proud to be bhakt......and happy in this incident....        Now what ?
Modi ji kaha par h hamare jawan sahid ho rahe h ab to kuch karo ya fir ninda hi karo ge
He has freedom of expression.
We r with u modiji u go ahead don't bother abt opp party like congress nd kejriwal
I found Triple Talaq and Halala regressive but it offended my brothers on left and my Muslim brothers so now I bat for full Sharia for Muslims except punishment for apostates and heretics.
True. What I also found disturbing was early morning singing/chanting processions specially in the North. They don't let you sleep in the morning.
He is right Y others shud suffer
Rajeev... I do not support beef ban but do you support an idiot calling  Kerala God's Own Country as Islamic Somalia
Gujarat, is not the role model of development,as you know that government is employing teachers as sahayak ,in contract for a fixed stipend
does u think you are doing a favor for the poor. insaf kaha hei? does u think corruption will be stop by this move??
Are they wrong this time too?
Get your facts right or do a proof read before posting NDTV Billion/Million?
Video Credits :- Dhruv Rathee YouTube  - @dhruvrathee MUST WATCH VIDEO 🇮🇳🇮🇳🇮🇳🇮🇳🇮🇳🇮🇳🇮🇳🇮🇳🇮🇳 This video explains some real facts of the state of compensation for the martyrs of Indian Army. 🇮🇳🇮🇳🇮🇳🇮🇳🇮🇳🇮🇳🇮🇳🇮🇳🇮🇳 A true NATIONALIST will share this video and bring this to attention of all state government to increase and standardize compensation amount for Army martyrs.
Close this matter here only!
Kerala was a complete hindu society with all its glory. Still little bit is left. Sad its fate is with anti hindu thugs.
Smart sanghi in disguise
This is just a politics to get AAP sympathy to get votes... Dirty Politics Delhi MCD Elections
Bigoted....entitled...majoritarian.....let him live in Goa whre after the resurgence of Manohar Parkaar Sarkar  in many many small localities blaring of loud tinny sounds if hindu religion songs is so common so much so that a western tourist who chose an ancient Goa cottage as a home stay said he wld never return to Goa.....and is this celebrity even remotely aware of the cow vigilante terrorists and their mahem in the name of religion....
Ppl listen such baseless statements from BJP many times.Where isc56"" chest? Is Sharif wedding is more entertaining for PM.?
First give our 15 lakhs sirji we will build our own LOL
Its secret plan media and civilian must not ask it
yes, it is the necessity for the govt. since the next big scam is only possible when there is no or less fiscal deficit ;-
First complete in gujrat given same proposal there which is in doldrum
oh god..Dear Sonu Nigam..Azaan(2 minutes call) is a remainder for us to do Namaz daily(5 times)..like u set alarm at ur home. ofcourse my hindu frnds also come to maszid..if it is a loud or unnecessary drama for the whole day i'm on ur side..but it is not.. :)
Such a powerful military, having lots of offensive and defencsive equipments and  also consider the line of control which is too well gaurded....!!! Pak soliders cames killed ur solider and then went again as ghosts wothout being harmed....!!!
15 lakh milnay wala hai 150 percent tax kaat kar so be happy !
Dialogue with Pakistan for decades was never fruitful, Digvijay ji should spend 2 weeks on border (without security) than he will understand value of martyred soldiers and feeling of soldiers family.
Anna Hazare ji Is an agent of rss.
Now imagine if this was an MLA from anyother party .. Like aap..he would be in jail in a heartbeat 😆
This is digital India but thia dehati MLA doesnt the real meaning of Digital
Your govt was also ruled by one person Mr Tharoor...did you forget?
so it a Isis book u mean
China will grab Pakistan slowly. They are now in their doorstep. Then no masjid will be there after some years may be ten years.
Now look at the face of that airtel girl😂😂
Time to offer Modi a set of colourful bangles 😂😂😂.
In front of sun nothing can shine brighter  But wn sun in other side even moon light also brighter...  Wt hapnd in SP Mulayam Singh Yadav not in pic by is SP is still going on....
No Rafi RSS never supported British . Just think what Islam is all about , it is about Islam and Islammyat , everything else is fly in the milk so as to speak . RSS in a Hindu majority nation is about Hindu , Hinduism and Hindustan .  About Gandhi assassination , yes it was justified considering the time it occurred. The nation is partition on both sides and massacred Hindus are arriving from the East and Wast . When Hindus and Sikhs retaliated , Gandhi went on his usual fast unto death . Did that stop Muslim mayhem ?
Nuisance 😖
Govt is too busy with providing ambulance for cows, u need to be a cow to get attention in bjp ruling states
Did any political leader surrendered ?? Only poor people will surrender to this blunder
Well said sir.
Kashmiris are also not against Indians. They are against the Bhagwa hand of govt's machinery
Yup, meant the same.. ppl like these shouldn't have dogs
It is election time, hence you will see the usual "" Arvind let down"" lines from Anna Hazare...sometimes I wonder if Anna has really said anything at all...or is media putting words in his mouth
People who are saying drama n all... Please open your eyes and see he did something  at least.... Better than before at least he did...
Why doesn't he speak the same in the parliament? Is he scared of spontaneousness?
by the way Indian pages are full of Pakistani news......even some one gets flu in India u guys blame Pakistan.....just waiting for the moment when you guys will blame Pakistan for ur uncontrollable population 😂😂😂😂
BJP should reward to Ansani Anna hazare by offering him next president post. His loyalty to Sangh need to be paid.
U needed a debate on that...  Can't u see what's happening...  It's just sad...
Dear India TV i hope u r brave enough to show anna hazare movements.
We did not expect from him to speak in favour of nation , he is the most anti national person lefties
Storms to power????
Fake I'd  You ONDIANs  Can only Bark  What else you have done in life........if a bit success you achieved  Is  With somebody's help Or with Cheating....... . . So a dog only barks  Seldom bite.... . Bark loud  That I can hear...... Okay  Start.......
Anajeet Paramanik So, you'll keep track of millions of Notes in a huge country like India! Lol!!
I like that word ""terrorist"". We are long overdue to use it.
Delhi Police his masters voice
Finally revealed himself
is that picture shows bheem as a muscular...  60age bheem to cast young actor?  lol then cast ranbir kapoor...  are u crap?
There is nothing wrong in this tweet by Sonu Nigam . What he has said is totally correct ........  In India Aarti is the cause of air pollution.....And speaker in temple, azaan from Masjid are the cause of sound pollution.. And all the milk and oil which we spend on god's are the main cause of pollution....  One thing I want to ask from all pandit and from other also god See our quality of worship not quantity of worship
Ya surely he will Thank Bec. Digital Sign board contract of Indian Railway Station's was taken by his company...
Pmo every village panchyat office u keep all system digital then no body  complain
He is living in his fools world but not we.
But aam brains are not zero and corrupt - they are giving sleepless nights to 100s of years old and corrupt parties and will continue to do that. Unfortunately elections in India are game of money and corrupt parties have enough to purchase voters.
is a leader is a reliable, its the will and vision and intention what matters not education. if you are educated but have malafide intention, you are the bigger threat to institution since u know better how to manipulate the institution.
Madarse secularism padhate hain???
But modi ji you are not doing for youth ...
जवान शहीद हो रहे हैं, और बड़े भाई बने घूम रहे हैं।
You did Good but because of some persons in banking system this problem happwn sir
Best thing about is that he has a vision and always has schemes and programmes on the other hand all I have heard from other political leaders taking jibe at others
1 Every dog and puppy has its day 2 All cant hv all good days.All cant hv bad days also 3Right now u are not having any days. 4 Do ur work,leave d rest.U will get fruit.
Protect cows,  no issues.  But DONT KILL HUMAN BEINGS.   It will be no surprise if today's GAU RAKSHAK to become ISIS or  TALIBAN  VERSION    of India in the  NEAR FUTURE.
He is giving useless emotional speech which is applauded by only BJP members. They know that raising dissent will be suicidal.
No chance madam
Mr Modi what is gone into the bank is common man hard earned white money and not black money.
Stupidity at its best. Ask maulana will he do aarti.
Democracy???? in such a language.....?
I have never seen an Indian army bombing Kashmir with helicopter and f16 jet. But in balochistan , we balochis are daily bombed by PAKISTANI jets and helicopter. No any pakkstani media show this. #BalochGenocide #Dashtoperation
Neil Khurana Funny how never replied to my main point, again i will say it ""Remember 1984""?😂😉
Rahul &soniya all who wear black money  gave me us . What's thinking about it. We go  saluta MP. Then we go on good MP INDIAN .
Getting charged for withdrawing your own money is most silly and morally n ethically wrong ! Next maybe charges for depositing too?
no no yaar  cows are gaumata they are to be respected and exported
Erdogan visiting nation, mainwhile  Pak  mutilates  2  Indian soldier's bodies .Govt .....    Seeing  their message ??? Why not  close  Pak embassy ???  Also pls  ask erdogan  what is happening to the Turkey Kurds ??  Brutal  murders by  Turkey Army ....  What about given  the Kurds their land back ???   Let Kashmir not be the  talks on table ,discuss KURDISTAN SETTLEMENT  .
Demented AND DESPICABLE COMMIE Scum!
It seems his role model is N D Tiwari,  the ex-governor of AP, who also had to resign under similar circumstances in 2009.
Lot of built up..very sad and pathetic way of launching the product!! even if it is worth doesnt mean you waste your viewers time by such a lame built up..
Should hv spoken about the morning bhajans n loudspeakers of temples also.  I used too hear both azaan n bhajans ,  both irritates me equally . Y mr. Nigam criticising only muslim azaan.
Good. Antinational should retire from politics. As such he will never be elected.
He should not be allowed in train also. His mad leader has not said anything.
Rajkumar Panthoiren Have u even read history or just marx? Russia were never under any imperial rule like India, China developed when it shed its Command economy for free market with Deng Xiaoping, And dont worry India will be way developed too wen we purge commies like u, u like purges stalin style.Lets give commies what they like kill them in streets like dogs they are what say u?
Bad Karma . what an Evil device. India is going backwards.
Lol it's all not imagination of raja mouli thre is a lot of efforts of Hollywood directors then you have forgotten to mention the team members of bahubali team
No big deal when the leader feku is a proven mass murderer and womanizer and the party president is a proven kidnapper and murderer too so these guys are very small
Jellikkettu heros became Sasikala saree Zeros.
annajee dont give more comedy.. we already have kapil sharma and others..
He is a Good Men for India but Mafia, Media and political group , one particular religion is against him
And certainly your military variety of patriotism doesn't inspire many.
We are with u modi Ji....to stop corruption this step is required...who is not support they are victim of corruption. We understand as citizen what others purpose is...whatever I start dont ever stop. But take some step that a common person get money easily.  As they are with u after facing trouble.
Every body in the world know that Pakistan is terrorist sponsored country and Pakistan Army and ISI is financing and giving training to terrorist wings. Already USA government and all European countries already planning to declare Pakistan as terrorist sponsored country,  once that happens then Pakistan will become past
Till Rahul Gandhi is the Leader of Congress party Bjp have no Fear from opposition. By the way  RAVISH JI why not Join POLITICS. then know very well about Politics. Although I never seen you appreciate Bjp Before 2014 and after 2014. Sir After Failures of Rahul Gandhi Ndtv Play A opposition Role in News Chanel Politics Definitely. So Carry on.
Ohh bhai never listen to this fake news... First Cops killed Vinayak an that was revenge of Aahpaq Bangrea murder which vinayak the deceased had killed him in colvale jail... Cops took Supari to kill Vinayak and then started beating inmates... Coz one of my friend is inmate an he was eating his food itseems an cops came an started beating mercilessly without asking anything... To creat a headline like this
India is having 125 crore public. Inconvenience is bound to be there
Jacob Jn  For everything there is a season, and a time for every matter ,a time to be born, and a time to die; a time to plant, and a time to pluck up what is planted; a time to kill, and a time to heal; a time to break down, and a time to build up; a time to weep, and a time to laugh; a time to mourn, and a time to dance; a time to cast away stones, and a time to gather stones together; a time to embrace, and a time to refrain from embracing.
And watching porn in the parliament is serving morality? 😜
http://indianexpress.com/article/india/fatwa-issued-against-reality-singing-star-nahid-afrin-by-42-clerics-4569825/  Dear Indian Express, I feel sorry to write that your journalists are out there to misinterpret events and present them in a distorted manner just to make some sensational headlines. The news about upcoming singer Nahid Afreen has been prepared without proper research and investigation. It was very sad to see that your journalists don't even know the difference between fatwa and appeal.  A fatwa is a non-binding legal opinion issued only by a qualified jurist (Mufti) on a request by someone who is unable to understand religious guidelines whereas the leaflet that is being circulated and presented as Fatwa is just a hard copy of an appeal signed by 46 men who believe in religious practices. The merit of appeal can be discussed on many grounds and in many dimensions but first and foremost, an appeal can not be called a legal opinion (Fatwa).  We expect apology from your side for such a mistake
Whoever is against Modi plz stop commenting on this post...Dnt evn see this
There was a news item a few days back about Wipro laying off 600 employees??
Public should unite n punish them back there itself
Specially posted fr u the news article coz without knowimg wht is happening around practically I don't support anything
Sooo many people hating on Marx and Marxism without any idea what the ideology even entails. How many of you commenting here know more about Communism than the phrase ""Communism doesn't work""?
And sorry that Kerala's fate is in the hand of a crook like you..
Instead of helping the small taxi walas ,traders to form a good system for themselves to compete with the competitors,govt. clearly is favouring the beloved foreign companies. ""Make in India"", Desh aage badh raha hai etc sound real shallow now.
So very true.
It should be taken as internal war, don't repeat words of Manmohan Singh government,we have not give vote to u for such rubbish statement mr Rajnath Singh.
To correct Shishupals
I still don't understand from which data you all have got these insights...There are many other start up that have shown growth....Today's media fabricating outputs to favour their content...
Correct dear, this AAP is total Jumlas + Ilzam Lagao + Bhago party. All are well trained by AK sir in all the three traits. Now their training has backfired with one perfectly trained n close associate reversing his aims.  Sahi bole aap.
Tit for tat
A fudged data to suit the government.
Saffron terrorism sound like UFO
Value of money is decreasing so bad and Bhagats are still happy . 2000 Rs note will come out and will have no value in just little time. Wow
no problem , its by yogi........if Akhilesh then wrong and great TV news hahahahhahahahahha
Had team chemistry issues with Rajiv Bansal & his exit was mutually agreed upon: Infosys CEO
As the muslims bear the loudspeakers on the occasions of Durga puja, Ganesh Puja, holi & so on! Tie mutual understanding & friendship between the Hindus & all other religious people to make a beautiful world & not to create anarchy.
America not ""American"". Learn to write English first.
Quoting Pope was a Low Point.
Let him rule next five years .... it's part of democracy , where some time wrong people are selected ...it doesn't matter who has been elected but the result will speak .... So keep watching ...
Bring some legislation to stop Cash Donation to Political parties PM Sir.
U nailed it.. 👌👌👍 Sickulars!! must read this !!
How many Muslims have performed yagna till now.... Every person prays in his / her own way.... Such questions reflect d ignorance.....b educated in real sense rather than believing in urselves only.....
Pakistan? What is pakistan doing on an Indian post😂 Btw Indian is country of hindus muslims christians parsis sikhs and many more...and we all live with harmony
But we have to be scared of them...they have world level terrorists :(
You are absolutely right. But what if  EVM has been doctored and you press button to vote for X  and you vote goes to  a donkey ?
bank employees was killed by crpf correct your words they didnt come with the intension of loot they have sufficient money
Bhai aab Pakistan ko mita do aab ab to Kashmir kya lahor bhi nhi denge
And may u not on travel in bigger cars but own them too
He is behave as feed back from RSS
Why should the government delay the phase out of 500 and 1000? Sir, there are 4 members in my family and I have several friends, relatives and people living next door, none and I repeat none are suffering because we deal with digital money only. Even our road side chai wala uses sms transfer and this is nothing new it's been like this for 2 to 3 years now. Please do not blame the government or the banks because people don't want to change. There is so much pressure to go cashless but people want to still deal only in cash. Stand in line what else.
RSS man Anna
Dawood name belongs to our prophet in Christianity mentioned by david, if it's according to you what about nathuRAM Gose😂😂 @tina
It is 12 lakhs crore. Correct me if I m wrong.
Modiji pls look at poor people who r suffering also let is know how you controlled the black money now
I was so glad when demonetisation was announced . But when I saw crores of rupees New 2000 notes with politicians and other powerful men im completely disappointed.  I no longer believe u Mr. PM.
वो जवाब कब मिलेगा पता नहीं यार सब हाकते ही रहते है बस
Clearly the Bull is not as Holy as the Cow according to BJP???
KILL ALL INDIAN POLITICIAN.
we already ensured ourselves by selecting bjp in 2014.
Why India Should #ScrapIndusWatersTreaty Indus Water Treaty Is Illegal The case of the 1960 Indus waters treaty, it has been signed by then Prime Minister Jawaharlal Nehru and “nowhere it is declared that the said agreement/treaty has been signed in the name of the President of India”,  “According to the ministry of external affairs documents, nowhere disclosed agreement has been signed by the Jawaharlal Nehru for the President of India...,”   “According to the impugned agreement 80% water goes to Pakistan which is a serious injury to the fundamental right of the citizens of India coupled with further financial and natural injuries to national interest.”  If We Indians Keep Quit Today Our Future Generations Will Blame Us And Never Going To Forgive Us  India Need Be Like China Fast And Furious And Must Have Ability To Say On Face. China Claim South China Sea  China Made And Develop 7 Artificial Man Made Islands On The South China Sea So Quickly  Then Why Can't India Stop Water From Our Own States And Union Territories Of India We Need To Build More Dam On Indus River And Must Have Iccha-Shakti To Say Only One Sentence To World Bank F*ck Off  India Is Scraping Indus Waters Treaty  If China Can Do For Their Mother Land  Then Why Not India (If India Cannot Do) Then Their Is Some Serious Problem In Our Indian Government System With Our Political Partys And Also With Our Useless Politician. Who Just Know To Bark But Cannot Take Action.  http://siteresources.worldbank.org/INTSOUTHASIA/Resources/223497-1105737253588/IndusWatersTreaty1960.pdf
Modiji pls reduce the taxes as well, the fruits of suffering of this demonatization should be distributed in form of tac reduction which will help lot of midddle class and neo midle class..this tax system is very old and tax rates as well when value of money is high..value of money gone down a lot but no tax reforms
keep the polarization politics in electoral shows !
I mean #RIP SICKULARISM  !!
What his congress government and he were doing in so many years!?
Fir hamare ne karara jawb diya soda pani ki tarh 2 din me neta aur midya wale fir 3 talak
He is the wife and Farah is the husband. Hence he is confused.
Kanth Naseer  And this is going to b end of bjp/rss  and the real Indian who is brought up in diverse secular ideology shall prevail
Glorify a Don, Murderer of Hindus,  But cry Intolerance when boycott is called
And he doesn't have freedom of speech, right ?
it is very bad that pak army came iside our country and killed our brave soldiers.up to when we kill each other why not go to salution.if war is salutiom pm should do.
This bill will not stand in court.
Anna ji,join BJP openly"" Right time to join, next due course for Presidentship.Jai ho**
Watching from New Zealand... Kejriwal is biggest lier only think him self....... After long time something happens good in india .....
Vipach me rehte huye kehte the mere jaise 56"" wala hi Pakistan ko sabak sika sakta Hai? Modi jee abhi samay Hai kuch kijiye? Pakistan ko muthod javab de?
even when pak soldier dies they will be treated as terrorist and pak army claims he is terrorist but our soldier treated as martyr of the nation and indian culture never allows to mutilate the dead body like your nations supporting terrorism every nations knows your the motherhood of terrorism
YOU CAN'T BE HAPPY BECAUSE YOU ARE RSS CADRE
Hatred  is good but atleast ritual should be performed.At any height father and son relation can never die.no parents want but sometime it happens.it is painful and cannot be described.It will haunt him throughout life.
Sir, Everyone is haPpy frm decision of PM sir..Everyone suffering from trouble but guys are happy bcoz now India is growing up day to day and howmuch got benefit of .DeMonetisation  u can't think. so plzz sir support my PM sir everyone is stand wid PM sir...
@Junaid Yea they have passed voluntarily and nothing was done my Mr Anna Hazare Sir and even they havent done any corruption till it was passed ( the Adarsh, Augusta Westland, Coal, Common wealth were just illusion of the CAG  @Jaideep Yea please start talking na sir je .. even i wanna tell it to my economics sir so that he can teach it to future kids http://economictimes.indiatimes.com/news/economy/india-on-track-to-knock-britain-out-of-worlds-top-5-economies/articleshow/58409306.cms
Appeasement of minorities is done as much by the BJP and the RSS. At least the Congress has secular instincts with bigots in the minority. The BJP is bigot personified with seculars in the minority
After getting the national award least heck do is endorse this government and its schemes for free.. that's the deal😛
This move is for greater majority of middle class indians not for NRI's !!
bang on....he is a rank oppurtunist.... befoooling  people with his cheap nautanki..
rather he joined bjp (unofficially)
Changing d base year will easily give u d data u want
Both want to make people fool...drama wont last long
We know that it killed 20 million in USSR, 70 million in China. 1/3 rd of cambodia, made a hell out of half of korea, broke venezuela, killed millions in East Europe. Have some shame and stop apologising for a philosophy that runied entire nations.
Modi should  say ""hey once I come to power I will deposit 15 lakhs in every Indians account""  I want to see that video.
Triple Talak a social evil, it's time for triple talak to vanish
One Question:  If you know they are corrupt, whats taking you this much time to bring them to justice?  Afterall you are PM who can kill corruption in 50 days flat!
Money played the key role.
abously  not generating revenue lik this is burden on us :(
He should have joined BJP.
Hope he doesn't create a ruckus in the train too
Not to mention abt the Muslims or Hindu...we r a secular nation ..
Y did pm not say these in the parl? He is quoting from what was said in parl. What was stopping him to make this lecture in parl so the opposition would stop protest
from where will he seek? CPIM is no where in India except Kerala and Tripura and their quota is already filled. He was MP from Bengal where comrades lost miserably ..
Water for birds and brutal attacks for non cows worshipers. Great. Exactly, what I dreamt.😢😶😞
I don't think Bob has , he moves too slowly 😜
Dear Bollywood  u dnt need to insult Hindu gods to earn 22+ cr in a day (PK) U can instead respect it  and earn 100 + cr a day (Bahubaliiiii💪🏻💪🏻💪🏻)
We r jst watching the live stream only we can easily switch over to another ..think abt the ppl who r watching it lively ......great salute to them
Banks are just pissing off !
Why so
Anna where is your JANLOKPAL it's only drama thats all
Well said 👍
Dear bro we all r Hindus bcoz our country name is Hindustan... We respect all religion and its holy book...so some ppl r trying to distrube our brotherhood....
HOW THEY CAN BE MARTYRED? THERE. IS NO CONNCEPT. OF MARTYRDOM IN. HINDUISM
Cctv camera, lady police force, rape free delhi , delhi bacone london etc etc where it is?
All should be stopped ,hindu or muslim no body should get permission for loud speake.
I agree with sonu nigam
Confused Sperm is a slang!?!??? LOL... Grow up kiddo then discuss issues
As if he has never (AB) used power
sonu nigam is absolutely correct
That's unfair BSE should list on BSE only : D
Maya  , you  have  such  a wiseless  thinking  suppose  if  you  are1 getting  disturbed2 from  the  navratri  sound  then  that  is  only  10 days  in a  complete year  but  do  you  have  any  idea  , that  azaan is being  sounded twice  a day  and  the  whole year. Before  commenting  try to  think  from  sonu  nigam  sir  place  , then  you  come  to  know  the reason  of  all happening  .😡😡😡
PV, the institution that you are taking about is anytime better than your ""Commi"" comrades whose (as)sole aim is to kill all those who oppose your ideology and support arms struggle.  You are what you are today because of tolerant HINDU Indian.
ऑनी  of the most corrupt women in India.  She and her brother should be in jail for acquiring wealth beyond their means.   Till  now UPA was shielding her to get  her support for their selfish gains but now the BJP government should put her in the docks and the court should punish her as they did in the case of Sasikala and party.
Needy people my foot.
Make the railways 100% safe first ! Comfort later!
Younis - is speaking against noise pollution regardless of its source against Islam ? Or any religion for that matter.
Yes, he is flirting with bhajap
Are u serious?
He can speak only in BJP meet. Because no one is dare to ask him a question. Why doesn't he speak in loksabha? Is he afraid? Bulshit.
Long live revolution
Animal mindset
The no of martyred in one year in bjp double as compare to congress  it was Congress better  corruption  I'slittle as compare to sacrifice solders
Where a cow's life is valued more than a human, you're in India then !
Facebook intellectuals 😁😁😁
You got exactly R8 bro.. and their respective audience or potential buyers are still into the mist of they are gonna get #KTM 390 engine on this 😂😂 #retune. God knows about the Build Quality.. though I liked the design!
Ai La ...he can speak...but alas today also he spoke on gandhi or congress behalf.......the knowledge he posses as a economist is a waste if he can't speak the truth......some hicpus do come when this level of grand decisions r taken and he knows that very well.
Poor ppl  don't  know  GDP  ect   wheater  they face  problem  or not or wasted time in bank humilated  to get own money  sir
Tell us about 1 crore scam first then we can discuss on vote and cash
this person should be hanged in parliament who supported and endorsed their person to loot indian money.
Why r u criticizing RELIGION OF PEACE ??? They are so great that they need you to listen 5 times to enjoy 72z free giftz.    Free giftz listening 5 times from 789 to enjoy their 72z for free. Don't fight always, you should witness great Halal / sacrifices of Animal how beautifully they are performing with your kids and females to see how great facilities are there. I invite all you secularz and Media to enjoy Halal festival of Eid and enjoy facility to take bath on Blood river of Dhakka.😶
Cow is a beef animal. Rigveda (6/17/1) states that “Indra used to eat the meat of cow, calf, horse & buffalo” Read the excerpt of beef eating in Ancient India found in scriptures. Manusmriti (Chapter 5 / Verse 30) says, “It is not sinful to eat meat of eatable animals, for Brahma has created both the eaters and the eatables.” One of the greatest scholar and propagator of Hinduism Swami Vivekanand says,“You will be surprised to know that according to ancient Hindu rites and rituals, a man cannot be a good Hindu who does not eat beef http://indiaopines.com/beef-ban-hindu-scriptures-maharashtra-politics/
Payed by bollywood mafia for rave reviews these media people and now pumping money from good articles like these.
Who cares about ur psuedo secularism
Ashish Mullick India Did Sushma tell the millions of hindu workers in Gulf  countries to go there? Then y does she seek justice for them?
Are we not used to stand in queues??? And after all, All this inconvenience is only temporary!!! Think about bright future ahead
Needs courage. But time has come to show this type of guts to isolate these kind of elements. Killing innocent is a cowardly act and can never solve any issue.
He is right
Unexpected from u mr Sonu nigam
Great stand by father but the guy needs a burial???
PAYTM is a unscrupulous vendor see my experience : I Paid through Paytm ( order no. 2532865244) payment of Rs.590/- towards my CESC Electricity Bill for CESC Consumer ID-60000208248 on January 6 morning, but after 5 days , it is still showing PROCESSING, I have raised numerous tickets, but no one is there to reply me. Is it a reliable service ? or birth of mistrust ? I wonder how our Central Government is promoting such scrap?
Just saw this news * read 1dt comment.  *smiled  and  thought  it must be ndtv or hindustantimes.  * scrolled  up and checked.. Ndtv.  * laughed and said saeed.. Ye madharchod nhi sudrege.  *moved on.
U guys can crack jokes but can't take the cridibility of Indian armed force.... already war with Pak is one sided ie 4 -0 ....
These media fellows have time to dissect one's social media profile,but none of spineless jokers has the guts to question as to why and how a convict like Lalu Yadav is roaming outside and running a Government.
