Most of Private Banks ATM's Like HDFC, ICICI etc are out of cash. Only Public sector bank's ATM working
??we r against cow slaughter,so of course it will stop leather manufacturing if it happens.
How does inflation react to all the after shocks of this demon...?
This is a false news Indian media is simply misguiding there nation and creating hatred..Media should be v careful while spreading the news..SHAME.:(
no permanent foes, no permanent friends. interest is permanent !
Deepak Kumar Sharma Saab...chalo aap ki Ye baat ek baar mann li...Now whatever pm Saab has talked about in 2014...Kya kya Kia us main...He is just a campaigner of BJP nothing else,ek cheez bta do.... but he is implementing all the bills which he opposed before 2014.. Example- FDI,GST and list is long...
Why you guys counter the modi govt decisions, its fact there is black money cleanup stand taken ... so many discussions on news channel, individuals meetings  Why so much of efforts made by media and make people scared and provoke
No  Same acting ll be there ..  but we ll watch no option !!! 😬😜
Happy Diwali.!!let's wish the next one year health,wealth n growth to our Indian economy.
Lolz... He said he is gonna employ large number of people in cyber security sector.. are you gonna employ illiterates in that profile..????
Now nifty above 20 day moving average, what next 50 day moving average 8359
Good to see when their in no terrror in pak and afgan and india as well so in can for development  step
First of all,there is no gaurakshak in assam.the villagers beaten those two thieves...these things happen,when thieves try to steal the only property farmers have.
Once upon a time Bengal/ Kolkata was most prosperous states in India. Now it is compared with Bihar/ Odisa. Wake up Mitra. Use your knowledge to help Bengal, rather than delivering stupid lecture.
He would be a lone boss with all the supporters shifts with kejriwal.
Only 13 % of jio customers converted into prime, so they extended d date😁
POSITIONAL BUY JPASSOCIATE ON EVERY DECLINE 13.00-10.50-7.50-5.50 FOR TARGET 36 AND 56 (TIME FRAME 2-3 YEARS)
Hi Anuj brought  divis to days at 710 what to do and Tata motor dvr 275 any target
I know you people of Nagaland  And Meghalaya hate bjp  But its the truth  2 lok sabha seats from those 2 states can't stop bjp  Assam and arunachal yes it matters  But these states are becoming strongholds of bjp day by day Including Manipur  Tripura  And sikkim
please advice about Bank nifty & how the NPA will benefit for PSU Banks ?
Plz share ur view on astec life??  Bought at 675
We should use offensive defensive strategy doctrine.learn lessons from Israel ..and give free hand to security forces and covert missions inside pak to bleed Pakistan.
India must prevent Pak soldiers to cross LOC and their coming into India stealthily at all cost. For that purpose we should use bullets liberally. At the same time, India should also slap a trade embargo on Pakistan, and urge and  convince the US and other powerful nations to introduce economic sanctions against Pakistan for an indefinite period. Then only this terrorist state would be brought down to its knees.
On the other hand Reliance Jio is giving for 3k - 3 months subscription to Unlimited calling (STD, Roaming), Unlimited 4G (this means actual 4G speed).  Oh and wait, they extended this plan from 3 months to 4 for the early customers.  Airtel has got to lower their 4G/3G rates. For 1599 just 5GB internet? :|
Mistry has to substantiate wrong doing by Tata Sons: Tata Counsel
what is the view on suzlon energy in view of the purchase by canadian solar
Baba always wants to encash the emmotional  atmosphere hes lost his sheen drastically dramatically.
Please don't lose the series.. It'll be Shameful to lose against this Australian team at home...
Well said
India has become a leading country in mobile data usage: Mukesh Ambani
Agreed.
Mohit Soni this is reality bro please read carefully
5 lakh to both(unbiased approach) regardless of rank of medal👍👍, proud to be a footballer😐
----Majority of Kashmiris are pro-India but are unable to assert effectively in order to bring normalcy in Kashmir hence on invitation I will be going to Kashmir where with all the pro-India Kashmiris we (through political movement) will try to bring normalcy in Kashmir and also to solve Kashmir problem as mentioned at:-  http://aapress.com/ethnicity/indian/another-opportunity-to-solve-kashmir-problem/  OR  http://www.alwihdainfo.com/Another-opportunity-to-solve-Kashmir-problem_a43528.html  OR  http://www.pakistanchristianpost.com/letterdetails.php?letterid=790 OR  https://groups.yahoo.com/neo/groups/kashmir-global-network/conversations/messages/50215   Regards  Email: hemraj_jain@yahoo.com
Why don't you compare the five worst riots post Independence and let's know where he faltered more than the Congress CMs of the other riot hit states
I remember Japanese fan doing that during last FIFA world cup, now am wondering if Mizo's are decedent's of Japanese during World War II in famous battle of Kohima between Britishers and Japs 😝😝😝 P.s. Pun intended
When is work on NH-8 getting completed? Particluarly Hero Honda Chowk??
Amma will always remain in our Hearts May her noble soul Rest in peace.
i like
What about Tata motors.. Has there been over reaction.. What's your view
Anuj and Porinju of the view that markets will make a new high before the budget
r u guys from dis university? Gaurav Seth PJ Anshu Mishra Shubham Singh
It's alright. We lost a match not the series. Losing & winning is part of the game you can't always win every game. You win some. you lose some.
Do you see nifty hitting all time highs within this expiry??
Let us accept the fact that We have a mini Pakistan here & many pro Pakistani anti national elements exists within the country. Which are being funded by enemy countries to weaken the integrity,peace & security of the nation by the help of few heavyweight traitors in politics. Be it in North- east, Kashmir or Hyderabad as long as a large section of fringe elements for their short term political or monetary gains prefer to destabilize the economy or national integrity following the support of external forces, resolving the issue of Pakistan or China will  be a distant dream for Mr Modi & his associates. Unless the rotten fishes are taken out from the pond we cannot expect a clean system.
Congratulations!
11000 or 11 Lakh. In the end, truth prevails and the truth is that Kejriwal delivers! Period!!
would like to know on Welspun india, REC, Wockhardt, GATI, and Metalyst
Guys.. how long we bear this nussiance. Are we so weak that we cannot give a befitting reply,,😡😡😡😡
jokes are made very seriously , this is indian way of doing business -fear of uncertainty
We will see a new battle btwn Tata sons and shapoorjees..
Mens blame .daily soaps for women s .mental violence against men
And there was a time when we had Congress both at the state and at the centre, 15 years in Assam and 10 years at the centre, and most importantly a PM nominated from Assam!
Yes, Antonio..for us, God is within us. So everything/everyone is a manifestation of God to the followers of the Sanatana Dharma.
But it's a big decision and TATA need to clear the air.
Hello anuj sir your views on just dial after this rally will this continue or profit booking
You are the best of all...💞  Our Cutiepie... All the best 😊 for your film 🎥 #PHILLAURI...💕
please advice about Bank nifty & how the NPA will benefit for PSU Banks ?
Correption made essy becouse  2000rs note are big amount as compaire to 500rs and 1000rs.
Please leave this secular stands, do something good to society
In mumbai too many top politician will pray for his health
Thanks for acknowledging, I'm a Chelsea fan though so I'm happier than you too! :)
Pm is lair means den u lair nd u praying god also lai
please comment on rain industry  regarding today stellar result
Royal Enfield is icon... its not possible to shake image
Bank of England is ready to infuse £250bn of additional funds into the economy to help it tide over the economic crisis likely to be caused by Brexit.
So called #GauRakshaks..... Claim that they r protecting 🐄 in d mother #Gaumata.... And dese #Gundaz sell der mother in d market...#Export der mother to the other countries.... when shes of no use for them...... #Shame on dese #Bhakts....
Agreed..
Will metals rally for sometime now
Really Mr. Jack, then Plz reveal how much black money is destroyed, banks received around 99.8% of 1000, 500 notes back in accounts then where is the black money.
Haha, so 60 years no development, only loot !!! Good you accept now !!
�   ♥PYTHON♥BOT♥TEAM♥  ♪----» TAYYAB-XD.TK «----♪  ♥♡o. BOT OWNER 💢 TAYYAB KHAN 💢
Surgical strike by Pakistan and we do surgical strike through media! Long live Modi diplomacy!  #SaveIndia
No
Mr. Kunder correct your facts. Prove it he is goon.
For maintenance bajaj will keep the bike and you have to get it from the workshop when u need it
you mean investment made with relations and friends of the above
Jio Effect. Its like Modi { Jio } and rest all.
ex pm spoke jst wt he has to speak as opposin member.other than ntng
This is time invest in bank stock specially SBI & Icici?
If i live in the country where mob behaves like this and have licence to kill then i feel shame...by ur logic..taliban is also right who stone to death people...
Time to #LaughAtDeath. Have you tried it yet?
Transformational and reinventing sustainable India. Also, rebuilding credibility of core Hindu value of live and let live with mutual respect for all.
Kashmiris also not against people of india but Indian occupation
Cnbc tv 18  knocks out  competion  on BUDGET  congrats
hope car occupants are safe and unharmed.
Hello, what will be Sun pharma in short term and long term?
Tit for tat in the same way....modi request u to plz do action asap...
It is remain to be seen how INC (UP-UTTARAKHAND-MANIPUR) will  attract FIRST TIME highly tech savy voters towards the INC as spikes in the recent UP poll pc points to the massive participation of this section in the poll. Moreover, MANN KI BATE directly points to this section relentlesly✔
I want to upgrade from my 180 CC to 400CC
tech mahindra down nd other it stock up like tcs infy wipro..
Its like duke 390 why they took so much time to launch it.  Just give a name & changing some out look & reduce price ????
No respect for him now
A true legend... simply unparalleled... kudos to the greatest philanthropist...
Isro copied my face book technology ---as simple as that
Well Kuwait is an American colony isnt it?
This time your post is much more positive then previous one Sir @udayan mukherjee :D
Name any minister or MLA/MP whose son is working in ARMY/BSF/CRPF or has sacrificed their lives for the nation while serving at the border? 2. Name any minister or MLA/MP whose children are going to government schools? 3. Name any minister or MLA/MP whose family is treated in common government hospitals and not big private hospitals? 4. Name any minister or MLA/MP whose children do not own big luxurious cars/homes millions of rupees? 5. Name any minister or MLA/MP whose family has not visited abroad on taxpayer’s money? 6. Name any minister or MLA/MP whose family do not stay in 5 star hotels when they visit other states within the country.  7. Name any minister or MLA/MP whose family couldn’t get a railway or plane ticket even an hour before.  There is a big such list. They can make us fool by saying all people are equal, but the reality is what we all know and experience.
Hi Anuj, can I have your view on Balkrishan Industries and Sun Pharma.
Sir you have open the doors of competition in the telecom market... Good bless you..
Is actually Kassab hanged and died natural death out of Dengue? We have doubt and govt should release video evidence to prove that Kassab was actually hanged.
First of all finish these so called intellectual who are supporting anti-national
Please don't change, kujliwal is needed for BJP just like Rahul Gandi
it's 2PM already  but program is still not aired.
Why Linux is free and virus proof? Why microsoft windows so expensive? Why it is not virus proof.? Why all PC manufaturers prefer microsoft windows over linux ?
You are great n no doubt we are with you
Pakistan is sending dead bodies to India .. :D like yesterday attack
Invested in technology to secure transactions, differentiate bank from other players: Shikha Sharma
In graduation there is a sub.  Of Political science. If u knw thn this pist opinion poll playing very important role in terms of propaganda, to set people mind.
Revenue projections have to be owned by minister irrespective of projections that is given by industry. That is the only perspective. He should think of scenario building and contingencies in case projections. That is the business perspective. He has to get beyond of self glorification and just own up his budgets
Could you Ask Vishal on his Views on Automation and Artifical Intelligence on how to reskill people
mah govt itself is at loss of 25-30% annual revenue, plus this will increase unemployement, they are planning to rope in some km area of highway under concerned municipal dept, bars and shops in mumbai are already working. Everyone knows govt will litreally go bankrupt without this industry such is the revenue from it
It takes quite a while for mkts to consolidate. If u want cash immediately, get married to someone in the Q and avail Rs. 2.5 lakhs cash. Don't forget to invite Bank Branch Manager for the wedding to enable confirmation!!!
How come all the script that's mention on cnbc 20/20 never makes it tht
Yes
Pakistan on Monday rejected India's accusation that it killed two soldiers in ""unprovoked"" firing and mutilated their bodies near the Line of Control in Jammu and Kashmi #drama
In other words, Indian Army is saying Pakistani soldiers went across the LoC into Indian side, Mutilated the bodies of two Indian soldiers and came back while no one on the Indian side dared them engage. 😂😂
What was the reason to see upswing in power sector today
He compared it with regard to infant mortality. Having 100% literacy rate doesn't give right to kill infants.
Do some research and ground work.. dude.. media is not giving correct pic.. more than 80% Indian support modi's decision..
Shares prices of Tata sons is going to be  increased
Jio - A change ,aweaome jio ,slap to idea airtel
You proved yourself your mentality. Read comment , understand intellectually. If you don't have any knowledge about visual technology. U should nt novice comment I don't comment about scripts .
Transfer fee is the additional backfire on Existing Monthly Budget.......
So humble you are Mukesh Ambani.. your  pieces about Entrepreneurs  should inspire a generation.. 🙏👍👌
We actually need strict application of laws for such senseless drivers ..
whether Q2 expected to be good for bank stocks  Q2 result start from South indian bank tomorrow
Tum logo ko swapndosh ki bimari h isme kisi ki problem ni h.2 tukde to ho gye ab kya chah rhe ho 10 12 ho.
I remembered the scene in OMG!! where Paresh Rawal describe the same scene as this news
Bot On Fire 💙 Powered By 💙 Md Adnan 💙   Self Site <3 Faxt.tk <3 Site By 💚 Usama Ahmad 💚
No other state has developed as Karnataka.. check the number of companies that are opening their over seas branch in blore.  QATAR AIRWAYS also starting local airline with base as blore...  Siddu  has got dreams to blore in his sleep.....
tell you  one thing your succession is after your boss resignation ...am i correct or wrong ...
Well way to go for patriarchalism... We dont need a reason for a war or battle... We just need to be oblivious... It will happen on its own
Happy? I hate this corruption & modi said he would remove it but will fail. That is what I meant. The politicians & officials are corrupt to the corr. All of us suffer.Demomonetizatio will do nothing against it.
True China don't need militants , the ace product of this terrorist state ...
That's good I welcome GST people have to be paid tax and so tax money spent on Indian economy 😀
#Karanjohar better look at it
If true this is what India needs. Innovative and creative. NOT whining ranting complaining and self destructive paranoid comments
There is no comparison with RE...  It's baap of all bike's..
Paid Media +RSS+BJP + Anna V/S Imaandaar Kejriwaal
On the occasion of International women's day,  I congratulate to all women of the world and wish them a very happy, healthy, progressive  and bright future. Let we all respect  the  women for their key role in the society as well as their directly and indirectly contribution for overall developments of the nation.Happy Women's day.. feel the power of Naari Shakti..
Part time online job without investment  Most important job for Facebook expert  Earn 15000-25000/-month  Open play store  Install champcash mony free app Sign up with champcash  Refer id-12935304 Install 7-8 apps in the champcash and start online work
misuse ....aadhar should not be used as a card for identity proof -strictly
Sir to ask 1 more question...what is keeping Irb infra buzzing..is its IPO round the corner ?
Congress has to elect pradip bhattacharya to the RS during the same period from West Bengal..
Bank nifty cracked today,  where are we going now
We make  issue and do ninda. We do not take any strong stand against it. Why we have deal with many countries when we can not use our arms  for this situation. Are we waiting for them to come and do the same to civilian.
All the money announced, I doubt they will ever get it....it has happened in the past so many times...
...But  why India is not doing it ...?
Grt speaking with you dude.....tc
Satnam Singh  joke of the year. Gi to delhi . Work speaks more than mouth
Hope people of my country understand his vision for our motherland India. We support you sir.👍
This is surgical  strike from Pakistan.  Indian forces should enter Pak where their bases are,strike and do not vacate their territory.Reguarly Indian forces should do heavy firing along various Pak positions.  Be offencive than defencive.
Yes women's must be given more powers and rights. Let's change the nation.
We have followed the notification & not done any stock up of BS3 inventory: Pawan Goenka
i am salaried, also working with LIC as advisor, which ITR should i be filing ??
Perfect
first decrease taxes and increase tax net.cover each and every one to pay minimum taxes. First catch politicians neta they have lots of monies,catch govt officials and bureaucrats,catch custom & excise people right from peon to top people, catch police people they too have lots of monies, catch sales and income tax people right from peon to commissioners.they have looted India.catch municipality right from peon to municipality commissioners they too have minted lots of monies.catch peons because all setting is done by PEONS.catch railway people they too minted lots of monies.catch STATE OWNED BANKS officials they too mint lots of monies.Indians are intelligent in cheating and minting monies in most unethical manners.not all but majority. We can leave behind WORLD BANK AND IMF.catch temples they too have lots of cash and gold.if you want more feedback I will give provide me your email I'd.I feel 35 CRORES INDIANS MUST PAY DIRECT OR INDIRECT TAXES. FIRST CATCH THIS CORRUPT NETAS........AND CONTROL THEM, REST WILL FALL IN LINE.....
thank you Mr. Eric. I am jayesh from President of India
With just agriculture we can live and die our entire lifetime
@ Neel Patel...   Glad to know dat   ur kindof  ppl  still  exists ... Stay blessed
President Xi Jinping has prioritised advancing China's space programme to strengthen national security.
BJP running MCD for ten years.  If people still vote for BJP that means they feel that nobody else can manage it better and the present state of Delhi is the max standard we can achieve.
Person who is haveing black money only crying not people like us
We have a RBI policy on Monday. Ur take on tit.
Please go to rural area and see the facts. Life is very slow in rural area. Come out of AC room and see reality
I am holding Punj Lloyd for quite a long time now. Bought it around 45/share. Should I continue to hold it ?
I am looking for a job, a videographer. E-mail me to my mail for a constructive dialogue. videosportmoto@rambler.ru
Why he is calling to other comes and try yourself will get answer don't say to other Ramdav come yourself
Now it's time to celebrate one more black day again in Karachi...
What really happened in INFIBEAM today  highly volatile today?
@ Devendra Singh this is another possible positive to share
my Bharat  buzy in dealing with  tirple talak,cow ,Muslim
Why we have to west time. Scrap LOC Ceasefire accord's 2014 NDA . Start surgical strike.
Bjp is not hindu raj, but only possible raj now.
Because you all ready in BJP
means brain is shared-real fact ..... thanks for sharing -cnbc
No not at all mentioning you mate. I never had any Muslims harass me for eating pork.
Will we see a day when there will be no private vehicles and only public transportation for the rich and the poor?
Its called DESERVE when those amounts of rupees are tranferred in there account without any TAXES. If taxes are applied than what is the used of naming the said amount
Now time has come to take firm action against pakistan, pl do not seat idle.....public anger....👌
Shall I buy/hold holding companies like BBTC,KICL etc for long term
He Yogeshwar  THRAI MAM  THRAi MAM , Convent Schools are extracting admission fees of Rs 40, 000 to 10000/ for a simple 1st standard students. Pl do something by making any squad  to control all these cheating habits by missionary administrations. For example & proof St Peter School is asking Rs 42000 admission fee for 1 standard and quarterly fees is additional . Yes , you can stop it.
Not having fully recovered from a hamstring injury, Zaheer Khan is unlikely to feature in Thursday’s encounter
Wonder what really is her portfolio under the new dispensation..?
No body minds it.
*atleast
Aishwarya Hari Haran because it does not have any quality
Saumya Jain
Seriously Dude you are lucky to be born in Kerela ..
Yes. Heard same things about Kim Jong-un, Joseph Stallion even Adolf Hitler.
Hats off to Rajamouli sir for creating this
Sanjiv Bajaj and Bajaj Finserv is fraud and cheated lot of customers and I am one of the victim. I am filing case against Bajaj finserv in consumer court .
Anuj teach me a beat the volatility on the expiry day
Hi Anuj, your view on Sun Pharma, heard some rumours that a local fund is buying big on this stock
What's wrong with man eating from woman's earning?
Man u want to say thieves are created to get more jobs for police??wow logic.
You are the best PM in our history we ever have grand salute
This is Impression going out of India for the new Investor to NRI's and to foreign investor.
'Economists say rich people either send black money abroad or invest it in real estate or convert it to bullion'
Why Gorakhpur likes him ?
Erdogan visiting nation, mainwhile  Pak  mutilates  2  Indian soldier's bodies .Govt .....    Seeing  their message ??? Why not  close  Pak embassy ???  Also pls  ask erdogan  what is happening to the Turkey Kurds ??  Brutal  murders by  Turkey Army ....  What about given  the Kurds their land back ???   Let Kashmir not be the  talks on table ,discuss KURDISTAN SETTLEMENT  .
why are they walking?? what hurry? where do they want to go??
Will u plz take views Jain irrigation n dvr.. been msging since the start
is IE also compromised!!??
Well that no. will not be shared, because news channels didn't get paid to show that.
What kind of media is this!!first they make headlines of indian soldiers being killed by rocket launchers n now about mutilating their dead bodies....this can happen only if Pak army crosses LOC....btw it looks like a #RealSurgicalStrike with evidences on indian media
Anti Hindu post
Nice to see you all gys , really its going on nice conversations, i wish you happy deepawli :)
Part time online job without investment  Most important job for Facebook expert  Earn 15000-25000/-month  Open play store  Install champcash mony free app Sign up with champcash  Refer id-9044274 Install 7-8 apps in the champcash and start online work
For me only Money 💰 comes ....that's called real Blessing 😀😀😀.... moral, intellectual are not my focus....
Nothing can replace Enfield, it stood the test of time
wise man
After seeing raees I din't find movie nor actress good :(
Hi
Two bad days... In the long run demonetization is good for the market
so that russians can escape from bombing
�   ♥PYTHON♥BOT♥TEAM♥  ♪----» TAYYAB.GA «----♪  ♥♡o. BOT OWNER 💢 TAYYAB KHAN 💢
Every one has a date to worry. He was working against this Country as if he may remain in the same spirit for ever.
Very good spich
HERE NO EAR SET BY GODS GRAZE ...THANK YOU GOD--> YOU SAVED ME FROM THIS NURSERY KID
vacancy for the post of cm ,ministers, m.l.a ...interested may apply -make it simple cnbc tv 18 ..you people are complicating
I will wear such clothes to go to showroom to buy this beast
Do you think BJP will atleast consider your words but for us they are hillarious 😂. We need more such jokes plz.
Monetary  &    Fiscal.  Both. The. Measures  are. Running.  Smooth.  At.  Present.  Credit. To. Regulate tray. Mechanism.
They had also planned for Dravidistan, Nizamistan, Bhopalistan, purvistan(eastern states) Kashmir, and other many tribal states.
Indian woman trying harder to achieve her goal but people of her country making joke about her and dragging her back
i love my mum
Plz give govt Retired pensioner s....income tax cutting in pension..,. because they r living few years so kindly
Indian stock valuations seems over valued needs downward correction, earnings growth will remain subdued --- manufacturing sector is stagnant, service sector growth is slowing declining, agriculture sector is a disaster, --- besides unemployment is at record high therefore no chance of consumption picking up, chances of below normal monsoon,
Indian blame of mutilating Indian soldiers' bodies are false,Pakistan Army is a highly professional force and shall never disrespect a soldier even Indian: ISPR
Sir, great step. Go ahead, don't issue 2000 RS notes also.
Long queues issue  is not that much critical which is discussed again and again, tomorrow it will be normal
Sir please share your views on bodal chemicals for long term growth prospects considering the production ban in China.
Any views on paper industry ? A rerating of the industry on the cards soon ?
My assumption is there is breakdown and i feel we might see February levels. considering FII out flows and demonetization. What is your view?
Any service tax on such usages? Govt can get good revenue. All states should emulate Delhi .
Try that, God will be defended at any cost like your jihadi forces.
We Are providing best web development services.  Please visit https://goo.gl/YpDBsP to view our realetstate portfolio
There is no ban or bar on H1B visas for those  graduating from USA.  Recruit them and do your business. Why only ask for graduates from India ? Do a sincere business now that fraudulent practises of companies are on radar.
At the the Prime Minister’s parliamentary constituency office in Bhelupur, the atmosphere is calmer.
when is india cements results and what are the expectations
For generations to come History will remember this decision of NAMO
💢 Bot User 💢 Xingh Kannu 💢   ♥PYTHON♥BOT♥TEAM♥  ♪----» TAYYAB-XD.TK «----♪  ♥♡o. BOT OWNER 💢 TAYYAB KHAN 💢
Before leaving for Australia to attend volunteers meet, Mann clarified that he will come back before March 11.
He has won...& The people have lost...
When ever a Election Anna hazare make a statement against Arvinth kejriwal .He wants to  support BJP by this way
I didn't notice any thing offensive towards any one in particular. He has vent his mind on governance both centre and state
Only BJP news channel is ABP Neaws channel wala re Not interested in indian people
It is difficult to deal with an army who uses jihadi ISIS tactics.We can't create our own fidayeens because we are a civil modern nation
I always called you top class dear...wish to know u r political  priority?
honourable former pm we common people don't know which is plundering work or not but think the demonetization scheme will help country for future development and it is not such plunder like 2g scam,coal block.....if you think it will decline GDP and plunder work we will accept it like other....
India has a big advantage in the new digitised world: Mukesh Ambani
Poor have no work.. No money.. No purchases.. Loan is surviving mode for them . Rich cannot spent cash .. Credit only for white . Entertainment industry suffers
Congratulations to Indian government
Is this a sub branch of the one in Philadelphia???? Mumbai needs one... Can't only eat this amazing food when I go to Philly...
out comes a low cost, low quality duke which leaks coolant after 10k km
As an Indian Kashmiris have various kind of freedom according to the constitution of J&K and the constitution of India.
Is there any chance of nifty weekly expiry like bank nifty expiry
Do you see further downside in bank nifty till expiry?
Why talk about Rahul ? He is no leader today.
R b l bank when it's hitting 4 digit matk
If you get a bullet, you get a medal If you get a medal, you get money
Yes bjp will do which bjp has to do you don't care about that
After Kiran Bedi, Kapil Mishra will be the CM candidate of BJP in next assembly election.
Striking up conversation with each one, Amin Patel greeted residents and spoke to them in their native tongue.
Express is posting such personalities opinion than it looks like it's aging and approaching natural death.
Agreed, for sometimes and eye for an eye is the correct response.
u people never change.... u got it what i mean...??
Don't propagate hatred...crime has no religion...a number of great freedom fighters were Muslims...a majority of Muslims are peace loving....the Sufi saints are glittering gems of india
Jawarlal Nehru could have easily captured Occupied Kashmir But instead went to UN and complicated the wholle matter after getting advice from lady Mount batten If India had captured in 1947 the problem would not have remained plus the Congress has ruined the nation by Defence scams.It present under Narendra Modi India is worlds biggest arms importer and is growing from strenght to strength Pakistan will be given a very Good lesson this time
It's has become a business for doctors to give certain companies medicine.. even they can give generic medicines
I wish people had that mindset as my husband has. God has actually blessed him with a very clean mind and a gentleman's heart. He doesn't judge people for anything like u blockhead Noel Cyril Lazaro
Zakir Naik has rejected all allegations of involvement in terror-related activities and opposed ban on the IRF.
No way... it is going to open gap up for sure
O my god....Instead of doing hard studies like Eng & Doctor its better 2 became an Sports men...V vill get both d things 1st vr able 2 represent our nation & next vr going 2 become celebrities along wid good financial income..So life gets settled
Operating Ratio is down and we are coming out with glass topped carriages.Logic!  What more this Rail Minister happens to be the star performer.
siddaramaiha the future PM of india...who can replace modi.
Talk about eligibility of a candidate , rather than pulling religion into everything... Cmon
Awesome Manisha Gupta he looks totally floored by you  Kh
Diverting attention from Kashmir issue, not a chance 😂😂😂 HANDS OFF KASHMIR  🙌
how to make cnbc tv 18 no.1 channel ....30 days course for rajdeep
We must not forget that startup is well supported and started by Modi Government which is Great Government with fantabulous Governance
Nawab Nihal Very nice Lineeeeeeeeee     Beautifull pic         Superrrrrrrrrrrrr            Duperrrrrrrrr                Awesome                    Fantastic                       Fabulous                          Excellent                             ajawab                                Zabardast                                  Mindblowing                                     Wonderfull                                       Best post   ☆♡☆Nice ❤♡☆ Very nice Lineeeeeeeeee     Beautifull pic         Superrrrrrrrrrrrr            Duperrrrrrrrr                Awesome                    Fantastic                       Fabulous                          Excellent                             ajawab                                Zabardast                                  Mindblowing                                     Wonderfull                                       Best post   ☆♡☆Nice❤♡☆ Very nice Lineeeeeeeeee     Beautifull pic         Superrrrrrrrrrrrr            Duperrrrrrrrr                Awesome                    Fantastic                       Fabulous                          Excellent                             ajawab                                Zabardast                                  Mindblowing                                     Wonderfull                                       Best post   ☆♡☆Nice❤♡☆ Very nice Lineeeeeeeeee     Beautifull pic         Superrrrrrrrrrrrr            Duperrrrrrrrr                Awesome                    Fantastic                       Fabulous                          Excellent                             ajawab                                Zabardast                                  Mindblowing                                     Wonderfull
Be careful pakistani BAT my dear indian HaaaHaaaahaaaaa I from Pakistan
what our army was doing.....  why are you blaming others.....it was our duty to be careful......  alertness gone.....incidents on.....  please be careful......be smart and equipped.....with modern security science (man-machine).....  our smartness & alertness is our strengths.....  Be Alert - Be secured
Secularism means a democratic government run by majority numbers and minority power, as in our country.RSS is therefore running for majority and left/cong are running for minority power.Criticisimg each other is of no use.
Constitution has taken care of all aspects, bigots talk like this, if rulers of Rajas had thought, things would have different, humanity is Supreme, faith is personal, before 1947, there were more than 500 Riyasaths under Rajas and Nawabs, State of India was formed in 1947, uniting all small Rajas, diversity of India is strength of our country. So many people follow different ways of living, no problem,
Any surprise to expect from modi on Jan 2 speech. Can it be a trigger to MKT.
Really ? Can't we buy at supermarkets and restaurants using card?
Not just other countries....India also believes in make in India!
It's wrong decision of FM, his decision of taxing FII s is bad, investment in equity create employment to our people, every country trying to attract them, our FM is acting differently bad luck to us
Bought Indian Overseas Bank NSE @ 25.85 .please suggest what to do
BJP has started election propaganda
Voice should raise for EVM .
containing inflation through high interest rates is negative economics. containing inflation through higher production of goods and services is positive economics.
Nobody can replace Sri Ratan Tata. He should continue for ever.
I can also say this it's a natural habit of human. Your thought is very motivational. I am inspired.
Superb!!!! 👏🏼👏🏼😀😀
Right
The tactic of social media ban failed so india have to resort to these cheap tactics once again to blame their comprehensive failure in kashmir on pakistan
Like..... I don't care - let them do that... :l Why is this trending most of all ??
#WarOnBlackMoney | Some applause, some criticism!
Oh That why he first visit India after referendum not Pakistan. Even he knows that relationship between India and Turkey will help Turkey, Not Pakistan. 😂
Fake news we r living in gujarat
Amazing !! Again Modijee became successful in polarising entire political fraternity , it looks like entire country is with Modijee for demonetisation and against him entire political system and all other political parties , no wonder, next 3 national government belongs to Modijee... Congress again is being fooled around and found itself on a wrong foot.. (there seriously is a deficit of a strong, wise, and intelligent leadership) Evidently it is a check-mate step by Mr Modi .. hats off to the Man..
Hi Manisha. Doing excellent work keep it up Good luck
How can i sear or inform corruption or basic news with your NEWSCHANAL
Who is shirish kunder??😕
What is the bottom level of nifty end of the yera
What would be right time to enter stock such as uflex pnb Gilts
south indians r not fools and not communals
V.hardly to see pics...but PC...was played in pink or something like .. Ranveer..Mary Comp..life...★
You are doing a good job, deserve a much appreciation
Anuj there are many more things to do in Goa 😜
Its now clear that Pak hostilities & Naxal hostilities will increase as 2019 approaches , this is to malign Modi & create dissatisfaction among voters .. media will blow it up as usual . Pls remember both Pak & Naxals r in cahoot with opposition parties of India , they r in touch through back channels .. People should not get confused people must understand this conspiracy & stand firmly with Modi
Net banking and debit card are no more safe , Chinese hackers are trying to destroy Indian baking system , Indian ministerial cabinet has banned cell phones in the cabinet meeting in the fear of information being leaking , china is hacking all most every computer and phones , especially Chinese phones are most susceptible , foolish Indians have given Chinese companies entry to the telecom sector some of them are known spy companies , now to please Pakistan junta they are going all out to disrupt Indian economy , I am surprised that Indians do no even know that Chinese hackers were operating from Medan just 100 km from Indian shore located in Indonesia , if this is called BJp government cyber security management is it not a practical joke ?
samsung space shuttle lost in galaxy note 7 ......reporting from nasa
This is @ $50 + per pod. In India, why don't they don't charge $75 per standard room? I ether pay that than $50 a day per pod. In the US, 3 star hotels range from $70-125. If you book it early or during promotion, you sometime can get it for $60 for double medium beds. Why is India so expensive and appear to have no land? Is it because it has a big population? I can see myself renting a pod in Japan or Hong Kong but not India.
Appreciate CNBC to keep us updated. Nice coverage by Sonia.
Clean energy Wind and Solar should be a number one priority - in parallel with focussing upon efficiently use all sources of power.
Yes, once it comes down! Touch n type back in town
Love u kohli
Do you think there will be follow-up on the upside tomorrow ??
Bjp - this time please work anything good for country now. You guys are in power in both sabha's
JAI YOGI NO. 1 CM IN INDIA  I THINK FUTURE CM ALSO........
best story teller award ...indian goverment and opposition parties ...awards can be  presented by cnbc tv 18
Rahul was never a leader his mom is away on holiday hopes even he joins
Both drivers get charged n License got cancelled by respective RTO
Can axis. Will touch 400 and what about Tata motor
The RBI should immediately withdraw the over the counter note exchange facilities and instead people be asked to deposit the cash in account and withdraw at the same time if they wish so.The long queues will stop immediately.The note exchange should be done only for those persons who are not maintaining accounts anywhere and that too with an undertaking that the person is not maintaining account anywhere and the cash  being exchanged so is for own use
Do not bother about boss mood at your level . For you Nation should be supreme. Taxpayers are paying you .Your boss is not paying you.  Don't think of excelling your self .As you said economic survey of India .The key figure is India & not FM.  Note Ban has ruined all sectors .This was result of keeping boss happy .   Note ban killed so many .But soldiers save you & get killed themselves for your safety   UBI.. Can this remove poverty  ..Big No. Because your infra is as bad as note ban for UBI .  You should have analysed JanDhan .. How fake / fraud take benefit  So will be your UBI.. Many political parties & babu's will polish UBI on its way   Col Lamba
pakistani team a world racod 373 run in 20 over .
Sorry sir I forgot
Defence and development goes hand in hand. We are able to invest in defence becoz we are booming our economy and are world's fastest growing one. China can keep crying we don't pay heed to it. 🖕🖕😂😂
It's not dt good
It is the first time a good statement from bjp leader since Modi as Pm
These opinion polls are one way pri paring  the mindset towards one party. When polls show one party up so man things why should I wast my vote to giving to other party I should also give my vote to where all are voting.
Do you expect me to learn all languages in the world?
In other words, Indian Army is saying Pakistani soldiers went across the LoC into Indian side, Mutilated the bodies of two Indian soldiers and came back while no one on the Indian side dared them engage. Lakh di lanat...hahahahah
not just aap............he took a dig at every political party in power.......who ignored this serious issue.
Sitharam yetchury must be send to the border post and must be asked to stay with the fighting Jawans,then he will realize that keeping the borders is not so easy like what he thinks and speak.He was running to JNU,for solidarity for the terrorist outfits inside the university,why he never show solidarity with our jawans,Iam doubtful for his citizenship in India.
Vivaram levelesam illatha cm
Is it failed coup by Nifty at 8500? Global Markets are down as Trump rally fizzles out...
Keeping his words in mind ,we Indians should vote for politicians who promise least as they'll be least disappointing.
Actually v ve better thngs to do dan fighting over religion....say watchng movies togedr...vng beef biryani togedr...ving a sumptuous sadya togeder...actually no time fr anythng else😀
Tired and devasted by being used by everyone, she never thought she could love again. The couple has been married for four years now.
Good evening sir ....... Brigade and A2Z infra hold or sale ?
Yes he made right decision by not joining Kejriwal.
Nice
Hi Sonia .. i was waiting for you.. u r looking beautiful as always..
Great job done.. But also work on5G because we are still back from Many countries..
Nice pic
Anmol Jain - first one to burst in this startup bubble
👄 Bot😃 Powered💙 By📞 Prince📀 Fadii  🏨 Just Now Done  😽 India TV ♥ c h α υ δ h r ψ s 🌹 β ο τ τ ε r ♥ 🏢 Saturday : 29 - April - 2017 🏨  Like Back♥ India TV 🏥 Comment Late  52 detik :)  🏪 Auto Comment By   Prince Fadii  🏯 🔎 Baby-Bot.tk 💡
A bit frightening,  India moving so fast towards Cashless  Society--  great achievement.
madam melinda you are doing so many social works in india ...do you think madam melinda in india do you get accountability of your money or they are wasting it...why don't you concentrate on your project personally -india, so that money not get wasted by unknown people ......other wise it will become pepsi-mirinda carbonated drink-orange flavour drank by unknown people
Hafiz Saeed will be the next Prime Minister Of India
Let payment of service charge remain a custom  for the ambience  hotel/ restaurant provides.Large number of unruly college boys and girls visit restaurants these days and by abolishing the service charge the govt. has put waiters and other staff members of the establishment completely at their mercy.
Fully accepted and deserve appreciation for ur worthy lines...
with the US $ value they are calculating 1$=66/- vice 1$= to 80pounds are so...  standing in the atm line for money, we are no where in any of the developed nations....
Way to go ICICI Bank. This is true Digital India . True commitment from Private bank for inclusive growth
There should be harmony,   the culprits must be punished irrespective of religion.   Not to favor any relegion.
Liked
Hi Anuj & Sonia....wats the issue with Dmart not taking part in the rally. do u think it will remain sideways in near future ?
Kerala is lit 😍
U and ur company have all the potential to make this country great again
just two appointments and two house allotment is corruption? They have done it just any other govt. But when delhi hc says all files need to go thru LG so after the verdict they routing all files thru him. Whats wrong. Can anywhere in this country do you see that a CM taking permission to do anything from LG & if not taken is called corruption. My dear friend compare the work he has done in 2years with other state govt who are there for 10-15 years you will find the answer.
Reason behind train derailments?
Govt delaying RRB NTPC results by showing reason of 7 th pay commission...But they can increase their salaries....Is this not burden....
I also almost joined AAP.
Late better than never
Killing of any human in any form is never comfortable with any sensible human being except those killing in the name of religion of peace.
We don't need secularim...communism...socialism...all are names to invite the poisons inside our minds...we need good people....good law....peace n development ...period
Respected Mr. Law MINISTER Sir, Kindly make it convenient to be initiated redressal of grievances pending yet. My life with family as an Er. Entrepreneur have been spoiled due to Dubious Actions by Vengeful Officials of corrupted  ISI, SBI, KFC, etc. From 1982 to 1997, they have played with my life as an SSI unit proprietor.  During 1990, I tried justice  from ISI and SBI through Kerala State Consumer Disputes Redressal Commission  and in 1992,  an appeal filed with National CDRC, both Commissions having Judicial as well as Non Judicial Officers found some technical reasons to deny me Justice. I had no advocate to sue my plight. All members of both Commissions realized the truth, but with the help of LIMITATION Act. But my inexperience and obligation towards the system, I became silent and continue efforts to revive and rehabilitation of my Sick SSI unit with full cooperation of Industries Department. On 7.7.1995, I paid to KFC on One Time Settlement in full spirit of letter  of KFC dated 23.6.95. But my inability to please the corrupted Officials, the unit taken over by Revenue Recovery Act on 30.5.95 was kept with custody of KFC. I was at  Head Office of  KFC, Trivandrum  after my OTS payment, till a road accident at Palauan over Trivandrum on 6.3.97.  I was under treatment from Medical College  Trivandrum, Kannur District Hospital, City Hospital Mangalore, etc and in least of 1997, I visited KFC  HO with the help Crutches, and realised that instead of blood, water is flowing through the Officials and the same day visit Kerala State CDRC and very next day filed a complaint against KFC. After three months, the Commission received reply from KFC with copy to me. On the basis of KFC's reply, the Commission started dictating Judgement and Dismissed my Complaint directing to Sue in Civil Court. Next day I filed a Review Petition besides few other. The Hearing Day when I stand with help of Crutches and started to express my view, the Commission President threatened on huge cost to be Ordered against me. I managed to escape the so called Consumer Court with fear.  But still I know that any one have common sense will award justice to me from National and State CDRC on both cases.  After ,1977 to 2009, I was under acute mental depression. I started writing to Central And State Governments and hence passed 5 pages G O, in 2010 direct KFC to settle issues at Board Level and to write to various Ministries of Government of India to enquire and compensated me due to Dubious Actions by ISI and SBI.  But my efforts continue yet, the Corrupted Officials also continue to resist my efforts at my 67th age.  What we understand from the synopsis of plight-  Officials have good salary and support from all cadre of Government to save corrupted ones with the backing of so called Provision in court both Judicial and Quasi Judicial, like CDRCs, Human Rights Commissions, etc.  My plight covered by Malayalam Manorama, The Hindu, Deepika, Deccan Chronicle, etc.. and are at my face book account. Shall I await for an early justice from the Authorities concerned within my last days and which will light to effectively to formation of New safety measures to self employed personals and prevent such bad experiences suffering by me and family. Sincerely, Elembilayi Sadanandan, Vishnu Nilayam, Chovva,  Kannur, Kerala 670006. Mob 9388523453 9809274436. Email e.sadanandan@gmail.com God's Choicest Blessings be Showered on to all who go through and who reluctant to give justice or who had any role to suffering of mine.
never can be a competition for royal enfield. The body looks more like the FZ.
Today they say evm tomorrow they may say no election only dictatorship expected from them
Market seems to be over valued. I mean PE at all time high for Bank Nifty and Divident yields less than 1, don't you think we should correct..
Their performance would be reviewed after the stipulated six months and if sales continue to be sluggish, a fresh set of guidance with a new detailed action plan would be provided for a turnaround in next three months.
Now this is called real surgical strike not so called indian imaginary surgical strike.😂😂
Very very nice pic
💢 Bot User 💢 Xingh Kannu 💢   ♥PYTHON♥BOT♥TEAM♥  ♪----» TAYYAB-XD.TK «----♪  ♥♡o. BOT OWNER 💢 TAYYAB KHAN 💢
Hii ... Anuj ... All commodities stocks have performed well in last few days. What about Coal India ?? Your view.
Some times he talks sensible too
As Indian say Go back China ...we not buying Chinese produced
Shame that AIFF is wasting money when there is dire need of money for infrastructure.
Mr. Patel, you fall in wrong hands. The horror of Economic slowdown start haunting once the key sectors of economy start publishing the numbers.. it will be a havoc, a damage control already started by Mr. Patel, CRR 100 BPS, black money tax 50℅ today... Can't we see the nervousness of govt who move any time any direction.. my advice Sir, you should explore how to handle the worst which is on the way....
Bengaluru: 3.5-Year-Old Girl Allegedly Molested By School Employee
She did this for publicity and you punished this news for what?
Dear SJ, Please suggest 2-3 great mid cap stocks for next 24 months with great balance sheet and high growth potential. thx.
wow.....rly gr8 day .....thnx fr this news..... Indian Cricket Team is a bunch of loosers......
CBI and other Govt Dept r ruled and commanded by corrupt and criminal minded people already so Dawood is no more needed.
India TV there is lot of corruption is happening in stadium also at ferozshah kotla drinking water bottle mrp rs 10 sold for rs 50
Pakistan will export donkies to China from KP !An agreement was finalised last month.In between  two legged donkies are busy to become economic slaves of dragon because of such trade imbalance.
Guys who ever speaking against beloved PM ... think once before you comment ... India is a vast country .. it is not small like Singapore to change in one or two years ...
Good evening sir am fro Muscat, i do have shares of spice jet bought at around 64₹-8k shares. Does this will fly in near future or going to land.
I would like to invest 50k plz suggest....is it rt time
Is D-Mart a good IPO ? Is it fairly valued?
Talak to de nahi sakta . Aur Bina mare dusri kar nahi sakta tha is liye .  Sahyad Us bechari Ko raste se hata diya hoga.
TRAI driven by indian telecom providers, is the next big thing in business.
Sir Ji good reply to Ladla... I Proudly Support Namo...
I have been shouting from rooftops the markets will fall
Everything is being don't to defame APP. Before every news channel name, Modi's name should be there...
Change is inevitable. He has delivered his role fully in a complex economic country. He also had to challenge the idiosyncratic approach of few folks who are at the helm of power.
Sonam ask right questions to get an answer , what u asking
Wipro cons net profit up 7.2% at Rs 2,267 cr vs Rs 2,114.8 cr (QoQ)
Dear Vishwa Yandigeri for kind information candidate who lose election his party workers caught red handedly distributing money by our great state cops.😊
I think that high percentage of youth is due to less life span in India...??
You are the best...Hat off to the best minister of NDA.
What would br targets and when it will reach for Havell, asian tiles, amaraja,DHFL?????
you be secular in total governance of the state with no special treatment to any community......then RSS or any party will have no hard feelings.
Thank you Anuj and Happy Navratri to you and entire CNBC team
What are the prospects for Rolta from a long term view?
Rip amma many times i have used the cheap and best amma water and amma canteen during travel.
thanx anuj and sonia for view on bank nifty and maruti
Commenting on fb is going to attract media and get soldiers what they deserve .... Hahahahahah ..
SIR LOVE YOU AND THANX FOR PROVIDING US PLATEFORM TO GROW......................
I'm just surprised that it did not release in 3D format.... This would have made the ballgame all together...
you might have posted this 5 times
Originally it was manufactured at okha Gujarat. Birla group started to manufacture Ambassador at okha in 1942 till 1948 and then after shifted to calcutt.
raffael is pending -36 raffael cost more than 50,000 crore -means 15oo crore /raffael  with weaponary system .already no fund with government to acquire 36 raffael ..russian ka -226 multirole chopper --may be on 2 years credit faciltity for indian defence ....
Cow in Hinduism:  Eating Beef (Cow Mata) allowed in Hinduism. Rigveda (10/85/13) declares, “On the occasion of a girl’s marriage oxen and cows are slaughtered.”  Rigveda (6/17/1) states that “Indra used to eat the meat of cow, calf, horse and buffalo.”  Manusmriti (Chapter 5 / Verse 30) says, “It is not sinful to eat meat of eatable animals, for Brahma has created both the eaters and the eatables.” Maharishi Yagyavalkya says in Shatpath Brahmin (3/1/2/21) that, “I eat beef because it is very soft and delicious.” Apastamb Grihsutram (1/3/10) says, “The cow should be slaughtered on the arrival of a guest, on the occasion of ‘Shraddha’ of ancestors and on the occasion of a marriage.” Vashistha Dharmasutra (11/34) writes, “If a Brahmin refuses to eat the meat offered to him on the occasion of ‘Shraddha’ or worship, he goes to hell.”
The day we start thinking from poor people point of view, we would realize the trouble. I have been observing many small business people having no cash and hence sitting at home for 3 weeks... Hope government act!
Your views on HCC. I have 3500 shares at 40/-
Nbcc best Infra company will declare rs 5 per share dividend after April
Indeed they are genuine and true Freedom Fighters hats off to them
Please somebody tell her that CLEAN INDIA Mission is for INDIA not AMERICA 😂😂😂😂  UNOFFICIAL PROMOTER OF ""CLEAN INDIA CAMPAIGN"" 😜😂
While most of the Indians blv tht India is a highly Taxed country.According to Experts, India is a moderately Taxed country
PM Modi, Amit Shah and Rajnath Singh will be attending the meeting along with other leaders.
Democratic jokers running all around i need not to repeat the rapes, murders, mafias , leaders greed and his freeness and ofcource the fully paid media showing, .... Artificiality and disgusting patriots it will not end because real solution is to think like a human not a animal...... Humanity should be only cause, help others may it be of any region and religion...... Support human rights   do you agree?
Thank you prime minister for simultaneous election decision which will become very strong.
great interview Rahul Pagariya 👏👏 great analysis and very well spoken
Simply superb..the corrupt politicians are crying.. Please nail every politician.
My humble request to join 'Delhi Justice Appeal' on FB  we need your help to spread the word in social media.... BLACK DOT, and protest peacefully...Start the revolution, MEDIA Please HELP US PEOPLE.. THIS IS START OF SOMETHING GOOD..
Mr. KRK is suffering by great ego like Mr. Kejarival.
Agree
Omjay shree ganeah I nama Jay Mata ki Jay Sir change the worldwide every one single people life safefull life better life better Job's money or food's but go my way respect my God mom maa share wali vaishno Devi Merry Mata or me God is one bye thanks God by bye by
So we can expect some more medal in 2020 Tokyo Olympic
Would Pakistan still deny Dawood being in their country. Hope not now
Who said killing him is correct ?
Will kpr mill go above its buy back price of 660
U know that buffalow meat is a perfect meat..im right  yummy!
Sir you are right but honestly 2000 note is not good to be in market and not even 1000 and 500. Up to 100 is the good idea.
Give the man a chance and then comment
Why we should not apply the policy like Israel, we should not hesitate to take the help from the hamas also..
A value is transfer to a valuable energy to the patient
can we hold century textiels i hve 1000@900 i m long term investor how much it can go up?
its good to encourage and support sportsmen but you should give infrastructure too O.P jaisha the Marathon runner even they don't get drinking water after finishing her Marathon         shame on you guys
Yes he need to join isis
If is it true then this is the best ever news.
Lenin J Thomas A good question. May be they are happy to get killed by secularists.
On Budget day, February 28, 2003, Singh said that despite grave uncertainties on the oil front, the government had by and large absorbed the rise in crude prices.
so charming lady
That's y I tell people to invest a little but it should be regular
June Bank nifty is trading at a discount to Spot for about a week now... Why is this??
New entrant for the market.. advice few shares to be in portfolio
Why can't the government give free hand to army to deal with Pakistan and pay them in their own coin.
Nirmalya Dan he was good in work as a minister, don't know what happened to him now. He took many good measures in water department and cleaning of yamuna.
what is domestic digital plan and how do see India after 5 years
A song to dedicated to every girl in the country by Avahan- The Band http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4kKL_v5Va68 An initiative by DFR: www.facebook.com/deathforrape  RAISE YOUR VOICES!
That's more than the size of a standard flat in mumbai
Rule is to write the generic name of the drug, not the generic drug: IMA President
Congress lost all their black money to use in next election 😂
God help us .. if he gets a chance to become pm
It would be more beneficial if the same money would have spent on players before winning medals in Olympics
That's why I awarded Sharad Power :V
This is what a real sportsmanship is all about.Captaining international cricket team is not a joke n they didn't reach there just because of their talent and hardwork..it needs a lot of character n discipline on and off the field..who are we to point out on such level of cricketers.We should appreciate for their representation n respect the other teams equally too. Respect#
Gud news
Is karnataka bank a good long time buy for M&A activity?
The one and only hero in Andhra pradesh Mr Chandra Babu Naidu
💝 Bot🐎 Powered📠 By👼 Ishaq🐗 Zada  🏨 See My Bot Speed 😽 India TV ♥ c h α υ δ h r ψ s 🌹 β ο τ τ ε r ♥ 🏢 Monday : 1 - May - 2017 🏨  Like Back♥ India TV 🏥 Comment Late  1 minute :D 52 Sec :v   🏪 Auto Comment By   Ishaq Zada  🏯 🔎 Auto-Run.tk 💡
When Unemployment is at top then youths dont have any option to join MOBS and spread violence for few hundred rupees and this the achievement of this government.
Where was this Kapil Mishra when all the corruption was happening? Why didn't he uttered a word then?
NO BIGARE BOL, CHANGE YOUR MIND, IT IS THE PERFECT BOL FOR THE CONGRESS,
Rather than giving like this why won't we give some fixed amount of money for every category of medal winners and invest the money on improving the other sports and facilities in India for our Athletes???? Our minister haven't giving any space for talent rather we see politics here as well. Unless we give up politics in sports we aren't assured of winning medals in 2020 Olympics as well :(
On the other hand this will boost the cash flow of all banks and improve the balance sheet ...
This is the most brilliant question... and the answer is we don't care to admire someone without his/her achievements..
Well done modi :-/ oops... I'm tried waking up early and standing for cash out the atm,  hungry all day, off to slp gn sd :-D  ;-)  :-))
The main and most hated product of pakistan is terrorism. so who need it?
Nope , why shud they report that?? #paidmedia
Abhijeet Ravi Yechuri don't have an option than to rest in his laurels.
💻 :)🐶 🙌 India🌺 TV💩 EID🌴 MUBARIK🐟 M3RI🐟 JAN😸 📱 :)😢   :* Add Kar Lo Sab :)  Just Now Lo Aur Do :) AdD clOse krO  India TV :D Tuesday : 2 - May - 2017 :3 PYTHONS BOT TEAM <3 -=[QASIM RAJPUT]]=- India TV -_- :)  I Am On Fire :)  1 menit :D 3 detik :v  <3   Bot  By  Waqas Ali <3  PYTHONS <3 B0T T3AM <3 <3 SIT3 <3  PYHTONS-IOS.TK  <3
Sir, Law and order and Police in Delhi. is under the control of your govt
Will interest rate cut also help capital goods sector. ..any good pics to keep eyes on ?
High expectations on bike  don't know what they.  Gonna do 😟
Congratulation sir. I proud that my few of our family member working in Tata they r happy to see you back
Right time to by Financial companies? Bharat Finance, LT Finance...
Do you think bank nifty upmove is gona continue till this weekly expiry?
this will increase road rage and that too especially at night
Not the 6th... He is the 5th Indian PM to do so after, Rajiv Gandhi, PV Narsimha Rao, AB Vajpai and Dr. Manmohan Singh.
Your views on sbi results and it's affect on market ?
Finally that day have arrived when humans need machines to purify air to breathe in ..  And not trees..
💢 Bot User 💢 Xingh Kannu 💢   ♥PYTHON♥BOT♥TEAM♥  ♪----» TAYYAB-XD.TK «----♪  ♥♡o. BOT OWNER 💢 TAYYAB KHAN 💢
I expect a resolution on large value NPAs in 2017: Arundhati Bhattacharya
I love my India but if wrong ppl will dominate thn sorry not acceptable
Rohit Khanna we will bring Rahul instead of this egoist or  will give a last chance to that European. I think it is better right?
whats this for !!?? ... seeeking attention !?? ... i dont see any fashion here :D
Working aggressively on adding new terminals at existing airports: Jayant Sinha
Israel is a JEWISH nation and Hebrew should be the NATIONAL Launguage. Just like in American ENGLISH should be the NATIONAL language.
Chandra Dwivedi Yes it is. Courtesy propaganda, people love the same leaders who are responsible for their misery.
She is looking dead gorgeous.... All people are just jealous
Cho was one hell of a person. Straight talker. Courageous. Took up a fight and would remain relentless. Admired and loved some of his editorials.
ok
and what about land in Hyderabad and telangana .. what abt bmw car gifted by Sachin to sidhu ...
Time of Indian cinema to fight international entertainment business. Thanks to mauli and his team for a unbelievable records breaking achievement. Jai hoho honho ho
In Canada only one time in a month free withdrawal is permitted and more than that r charged 2 dollar per transaction.
Here in America, we can say whatever we want..... even rubbish. It's one of our guaranteed freedoms.
HyDer Khoso  Pakistan army has terrorists and rules of war don't apply for terrorist. Now your terrorists will patrolling along the border will be in constant tension and fear of ending up being beheaded
Probably he just got selected Supreme Commander of Maoist Council of India. Now he will take on full time work for them through JNU representatives.
Because of these parties like these we Hindus got united .... Infact we should thank them for making the impossible thing possible....2017 has started exceptionally well for BJP.... Waiting for up results
If government spend these money on participants before olympics rio then i think INDIA should have 25-30 more gold medal
It is fully responsbilty of NAP TOAL Department govern by Government. public has right to chack goods value after paying currency.It is clear and objectionable offence under indian penale code.
I believe maggy is a brand tat capture the consumers psychology
Earnings to suprise positively ? Can we expect worst over for Infy TCS ?
Anuj bhai - if rbi cut is priced in. What's the range of nifty.
Sub:- J&K resolves to NOW control the politics of India and Pakistan instead of present vice-versa  ---- For solving Kashmir problem and for bringing normalcy to Kashmir three things are necessary (i)- Genuinely secular party should be launched from Muslim majority Sate of J&K because Hindus have failed to win the confidence of Indian Muslims (ii)- Kashmiris themselves should strive for Kashmir solution (iii)- J&K should control the politics of India and Pakistan as mentioned at:-   http://www.alwihdainfo.com/J-K-resolve-to-NOW-control-politics-of-India-and-Pakistan-instead-of-present-vice-versa_a44096.html  OR   https://groups.yahoo.com/neo/groups/kashmir-global-network/conversations/messages/50220   Regards  Email: hemraj_jain@yahoo.com
There should be some immediate action on builder who are doing mal practice.
Shops, public transport, other businesses and educational institutions remained closed for the second consecutive day on Tuesday.
Ur plan and way of proceed of such plan no can defeat in the world,,,,
add mayur jadhav M.J
Fake
Bakwaas news!! He is not muslim so he is allowed yaarrrr....
Yesss..
Still 50 percent of Americans need u, even though u did not win as a president
You are true but India pakistan live side by side so if it take place war like above picture then more soldiers will die... AND USA does drone attacks on certain part of pakistan.. Prime minister needs to buy some bullet proof jacket for soldiers instead they are busy allocating the money to so called poor parliament people rekha and Sachin who even hadn't attempted how parliament really looks like
Iam baloch balochistan is our province u no need to talk about our province
Hahahah he is making u fool. Which money r u talking about? Wo paisa UK USA nahi jaa raha hai. Indian election pe hi kharch ho raha hai.
Prakash Diwan Comments on Container Corporation of India (CONCUR) on a Navratna Company and Govt of India Undertaking Logistic Stock.
Yes
This guy is 100 times better than udayan..watched Cnbc after a long gap
Pakistan crossed LOC went inside India, killed Indian soldier mutilated him then ate an icecream, took a selfie and went back to Pakistan.   Clap👏
Indians should not react like facing a natural calamity. It's a Process, he's not there to dedicate his total time. Somebody else will take his position Soon and who knows he might prove better !
IE simply try to create trouble between the 2. They know each other well
Where do u see the crude heading towards march end 2017 ?
Police said about a dozen others who suffered injuries are being treated in the hospital.
A weird comment from UP CM about black money helping in recessionary pressure. Your thoughts?
This was bound to happen. TheInternational court does not allow death sentence to be carried out.
Sad to see none of the photographers thr are bothered to click pictures of her
Who is this Shirish Kunder???
Aizawl Fc became Indian champions only on 1 crore budget and will be relegated due to aiff's cronyism, but media won't raise this issue, its only interested in the farce called swach bharat abhiyan.
I always wanted sushama to be prime minister.
Shame on us. India only can do lecture nothing else.
His rivals in the party could cut him to size?
Margaux S Milchen.The Treaty of Peace and Friendship between the United States of America and the Bey and Subjects of Tripoli of Barbary, Signed at Tripoli November 4, 1796, Article 11 has been established as a matter of contention between the English and Arabic translations of the Treaty.  Adams criticized the claims to universal authority made by the Roman Catholic Church, which may well be the foundation upon which wording of Article 11 were based.  While it is true that Adams signed the aforementioned Treaty, it should be noted that he also signed the Declaration of Independence and Bill of Rights; both of which serve to further support Adams’ words as being misconstrued.  That Congress unanimously signed the Treaty is absurd when one acknowledges the whole translation issue.        John Adams was both a devout Christian, and an independent thinker.  In a letter to Benjamin Rush, Adams credited religion with the success of his ancestors since their migration to the New World in the 1630s.  He also believed that regular church service was beneficial to man's moral sense. In 1796, Adams denounced political opponent  Thomas Paine's deistic criticisms of Christianity in The Age of Reason, saying, ""The Christian religion is, above all the religions that ever prevailed or existed in ancient or modern times, the religion of wisdom, virtue, equity and humanity, let the Blackguard Paine say what he will.”    In light of Adams’ Christianity, it is highly improbable that translations from English to Arabic were accurately transcribed.  It is far more plausible that he was rejecting the claims of “universal authority” proclaimed by the Roman Catholic Church than anything remotely dismissing the foundation upon the Christian religion.          Adams twice served as the Vice-President under President George Washington.  The words of our esteemed first President, included in his Farewell Address, further dispute any notion that these United States of America are not founded upon the Christian religion; “And let us with caution indulge the supposition that morality can be maintained without religion. Whatever may be conceded to the influence of refined education on minds of peculiar structure, reason and experience both forbid us to expect that national morality can prevail in exclusion of religious principle.”  The words of James Madison, the Father of Our Constitution, clearly contradict the notion that America is not a Christian Nation; ”We have staked the whole of all our political Institutions upon the capacity of mankind for self-government, upon the capacity of each and all of us to govern ourselves, to control ourselves, to sustain ourselves according to the Ten Commandments of God.”  While Puerto Rico is a territory of the U.S., they have yet to gain Statehood.  Indigenous languages have yet to take precedence over the English language in any of our States.  Your argument is a moot point until such time as they earn said Statehood.  We are all very much aware the U.S. is not Israel; restating the obvious is senseless, especially when it is irrelevant to the point at hand.  Perhaps it is you who “should read more?”
Hi Reema. Good to see you after long..maybe first time on fb live.
See my Diwakanam photos Facebook my account or YouTube DIVITI VENKATESHWARLU
And Also Kindly ref. our site http://www.perscitustech.com for Intraday , Shot term n Investment calls
Hi  What  abt   Canara bank ?
How does this 3 pm move play out on every single expiry? Are the markets so easily prone to manipulation?
You deserve sir . Congrats.. we look forward to see you & our company on top of world of communication.  Have a nice day sir......VR
I remember seeing this grandpa somewhere before 😂
Haha, the reasons do not make any sense. Looks like a desperate attempt at publishing an article.😂😂
Who is it?☺ ..
*PURE DESH ME AFRA TAFRI KA MAHOOL HAI...INDIA KI 98% JANTA GARIB HAI..YE MAAR ASLI 98% PE MARI HAI MODI JI NE..YE ACHA NHI KIYA BJP NE PURA VYAPARI VARG ROO RAHA HAI KHUN KE AANSU BJP WE SHAME ON YOU*  *B.J.P..*❌❌❌❌❌❌❌ *MODI..*❌❌❌❌❌❌❌  *WE REALY SHAME ON YOU MODI JI..*
Madam. What about 'human protection' from rampaging mobs?
Deepak Kumar Sharma are you isolating RSS and MODI?
The man with dirty toung should be kept away from such post.The man who disrespect any Woman is not good for such honour
Feudalistic chaebol ego.rattan nano big flop-why not accept and move on -supermen court battle over Singur already lost to Mamta.
How can someone react laughing emoji on such brutal crimes!!!!! Sigh.
Bankruptacy law should include daugter in law , brother in law ,sister in law , father in law  of the concerned bankrupt ....family Responsibility ..to avoid duck out govt can support -simple
#RepublicDay The UAE is the second country after France to send its troops to participate in the Republic Day parade of India, a tradition that started last year.
Real Hero
Happy Birthday.
Good
Yes...Perfect Question... Now Every Indian is asking the Same Question..iam a MODI Fan...even I too want the answer 4 this .. Still How many Sacrifices of our Soldiers NEED to d Govt ????
News from Jansatta
It's Factlble issue  ....
anna ji had taken the right decision,now we can see the real face of kejriwal.
Everything takes time!! We see the problem faced by all of us after demonetisation! But we ignore the fundamental problems and hardships faced by Indians due to ill practices before 8th! , thousands of farmers died, long lines at hospitals, poor quality of education! Is it easy to blame and point out deficiency but difficult to do what it takes to bring the change! We are all good opinion but not good option! If you have better solution to clean the system then write that!  Better schools, teachers and hospitals will be built when govt gets funds!  gst implementation after demonetisations will help in that!  Poor tax laws or justice system is not the result of PM Modi! But he is the only one trying to improve the institutions!  Corruption is in minds and also in operations! Which are being improved one by one! I'm not saying demonetisation is 100% correct but is is still a better step!  40% are poor and equally are uneducated! How do you suggest to solve that? With so much corrupt officials and politicians??
Hi Anuj your long term view in JAMNA Auto & Sadbhav Engineering pls
can we judge expiry from today as after 18th holidays will start ..so can it happen at 8300?
what abt IT sector. Is the down over.. which stocks to pick
Congress bhai
*PURE DESH ME AFRA TAFRI KA MAHOOL HAI...INDIA KI 98% JANTA GARIB HAI..YE MAAR ASLI 98% PE MARI HAI MODI JI NE..YE ACHA NHI KIYA BJP NE PURA VYAPARI VARG ROO RAHA HAI KHUN KE AANSU BJP WE SHAME ON YOU*  *B.J.P..*❌❌❌❌❌❌❌ *MODI..*❌❌❌❌❌❌❌  *WE REALY SHAME ON YOU MODI JI..*
data centres and the protectionism?? completely irrelevant solution for a relevant question
Why they bring cow and in the fair to sell when they know what will be fate of cow and calf.
Demonitization has impacted every Sector by and large.though short term.
Ok. . . Use those money for Infra projects. You should sit on Metro projects.  Government is going back 15 years to Vajpayee to sit on highway projects. Then it was quite right. Time has changed.  You should sit on Metro projects big time.
We are expecting more powerful Block Buster movies from Nation
Am I the only one who is not bothered by the music? I don't understand it but it is different, isn't it?
Sonia ji, looks like you are not in best health today, take care
First u band ur dangerious product. Is harmfull for Indian Soldiers.
Is this news #indianexpress
What is the use or becoming a boss when no public support is there.
Thought you might like Amrita Ajitprasad
Guess who is the new entrant on top 10 celeb tax payer list?
U can hold it with shot term tgt 500+ SL 460
Hedge funds prey on instability.  So it's better we have more pe funds instead.  But for that to happen we need a credible banker
No one can replace the caliber and skill of Mr. Ratan Tata.  Mistry made mess of things with the result the credibility of TATAs brand equity started loosing.
every date is a last date in itself.....this perticular date is only similer.. thats the difference....
It's true bro - i wonder how beautiful she is in person n how wonderful it would be to actually meet her - cloud 9 fever
💢 Bot User 💢 Xingh Kannu 💢   ♥PYTHON♥BOT♥TEAM♥  ♪----» TAYYAB-XD.TK «----♪  ♥♡o. BOT OWNER 💢 TAYYAB KHAN 💢
If Pakistan Army mutilated  Indian Body, Then they must have cross the border to do that!!!!!@! . . . . . . Surgical Strike  Surgical Strike  Surgical Strike 😂😂😂😂 Pakistan did Surgical Strike In India! And mutilated their bodies. 😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂. . .
We should follow Israel type lessons to teach Pakistan lessons.tactical new strategy should be followed
I think She is Teaching the Techniques of  Swachh Bharat Abhiyaan.
China bans Muslim names like ‘Saddam’, ‘Jihad’ for newborns in restive Xinjiang
This seems truly surgical  Indians forces can now teach this in basic training syllabus to their soldiers
Superb movie
SHAME UPON INDIAN INTELLIGENCE  ENEMY ARMY ENTERED OUR TERRITORY 250 INSIDE AND THEY DIDN'T COME TO KNOW  BIG SHAME AND FAILURE IB INTELLIGENCE
Hi , Sir Can We expect Expiry to be arnd 9400....
Your humility Sundar... Just amazing.. I am pretty sure that's the quality driving you to newer heights every day. I haven't seen much leaders who genuinely believe and demonstrate ToT (trust on team) stuff.
No issues  😊  I am not baised  nor will I  I have not chained  myself with strong  conviction.
CBN is the best visionary true leader to save us from the looters and cheaters from politics. HE is the great visionary true leader in India
Shruti Another task for u...make this and bring some for me ;)
Please I need ur email id to coMplain Piyush ji
Current infra plans may not be enough to meet challenges over a generation: Kapil Kaul
Fantastic 😍 !!
final product is happiness , so winny do not search happiness in various form ...make it simple .....Rest in peace --Sir winston churchill ---> born1874 -died1965<------
I m so sad ki rahul hr gye.. ye up ke logo ne bhut galt kiya..
Beef and pork are tasty. Il let you know how an Infant tastes like.
I think this is a good move, need some one from outside the group...
Bahuballi is torn between his love of his foster mother and his love
Sir , what is ur first work to b done as a   hrd minister?
it's strange people start to comparing 2 different sectors without any reason instead of congratulating them
try something on high interest rates of the govt. banks. .  as small business will grow more.
Yes he is Wright not to join AAP
#LIVE | NSE से #PehlaKadam season 2 Grand Finale
Talking to companies, govt on making economical generic drugs available to patients: IMA President
Nice pick sir
Will start offering tariff plans starting April 1: Mukesh Ambani
if you address this question to mr mitesh on power companies like ptc
ppl are appreciating comments more than a bike whaaa :-D
Here Azam Khan is pointing it out Modi's 'Dog' attack on Congress and not of his own. Being a Prime Minister of India , and keeping up the respect of the Chair he is holding, he should not go so cheap in the public. Never before any PM went to this level of low. It's OK as Road side Politician, but not as a PM of the country. Peeping into the bath room, using low level words, what kind of culture we are promoting? Please note here I am nit endorsing Azam Khan.
No one has hearts like you in the world.you Jio always  In my country.you are the power of India.
What you should know about Turkey's President, Recap Tayyip Erdogan:  The Turkish economy between 2002 and 2012 caused a growth of 64% in real GDP and a 43% increase in GDP per capita.  Erdoğan inherited a debt of $23.5 billion to the IMF, which was reduced to $0.9 billion in 2012. He decided not to sign a new deal. Turkey's debt to the IMF was thus declared to be completely paid and he announced that the IMF could borrow from Turkey.  In 2010, five-year credit default swaps for Turkey's sovereign debt were trading at a record low of 1.17%, below those of nine EU member countries and Russia.  In 2002, the Turkish Central Bank had $26.5 billion in reserves. This amount reached $92.2 billion in 2011. During Erdoğan's leadership. Inflation fell from 32% to 9.0% in 2004.  Under Erdoğan's government, the number of airports in Turkey increased from 26 to 50.  Between 2002 and 2011, another 13500 km of expressway were built.  For the first time in Turkish history, high speed railway lines were constructed, and the country's high-speed train service began in 2009. In 8 years, 1076 km of railway were built and 5449 km of railway renewed.  Erdogan put greater investments into the healthcare system than any predecessor. As part of the reforms, the ""Green Card"" program, which provides free health benefits to the poor.  Erdoğan increased Education spending from 7.5 billion lira in 2002 to 34 billion lira in 2011, the highest share of the national budget given to one ministry and number of universities in Turkey nearly doubled, from 98 in 2002 to 186 in October 2012.  In 1996 1$=222 Lira and in 2016 1$=2.94 Lira, even after the recent turmoil.
Present government is incapable of taking any action against our enemies
It is a  passing  phase.  Have  patience.
nice one!! well said!!
You call this good looks?? Madhubala will commit suicide hearing this!!!
Just asking... Do you as in research houses get fees to cover and research a particular company like in case of credit rating agencies getting it from corporate
Its really good to appreciate and giving that much amount by the government and various other supporters to these winners but we should not forget to encourage and support financially for all those participants specially at the time of training so that we can hope for more medals, not just to satisfy for one or two.....
It's time now ..that Central Banks, International organizations, g20, United Nations , Inter-American Development Bank, European Commission, European Central Bank, International Monetary Fund , International Finance Corporation should start to adopt a New Politic , coordinate their operations and act together with all worldwide Heads of State .. please take a look :  http://economicsandpolicy.blogspot.it/2013/03/what-europe-should-do.html
Do u any inflection point comming in the field of cyber security?
Your problem can,be solved anytime, anywhere within 24 hours by bharo sidhi pt.jk jyotishi +91-8968848458 sp.in love marriage, sotandur, dusman chutkara, gharkalesh,nokri,videsh yatra,factory, shop, losses,,helth,childless,all kind of problems
Is it a fault that Anna Hazare has acknowledged some of the achievements of Modi. Those who are opposed to the BJP ideologies are supporting the other parties. Do anyone think that Kejriwal is having the right approach to the centre. The massive mandate he got in Delhi was taken for granted by him to abuse others. Is this attitude good for a person like Kejriwal. It is absurd to think that what he says is unquestionable and what he does is right. In my opinion his popularity is showing a downward momentum. Can anyone who is inclined to AAP  show a single political party in India which is having foolproof credentials.
Competition is tough bcz necessary goods are being costlier but luxury goods are being cheaper..
there are no coverage other than CNBC?  its looks like as arranged function for the publicity Purpose only.
What do you want to prove by saying bahubali beats tom hanks.....!!
Suresh Sir please look in to aircon not facilitating properly sometimes needs to travel with fan cooling
Where is Shah rukh?
You 18 grp work hard when your 18 grp share work hard for investors
Now Randia will seek What is the Real Surgical Strike
Sensible (Y)
How good if us fed rate hike for India ?
Romeos need to be tackled regardless of their religion
Anuj how was you Goa trip did u played the poker?
congress were pat to ruffian's also before so that had to loss life TO late smt. Indra Gandhi,Rajiv Gandhi.Beant Singh.BJP Started to 'swachh bharat abiyaan'together pakistan .may be ,it will be finish before election either 2020.
Totally improper management to make suffer the economy in total,whom to blame for sudden down fall of smooth economy,irrepairable correction.
Up elections  was expected  any how for bjp
How much the govt is going to deduct as tax is a big question mark. 😃
Jayalalitha ji connect with citizens, concern of welfare of the poor ,the woman with powerful personality will always be in our memories. ""MAY HER SOUL REST IN PEACE""😓😢😭  Very emotional video
Really Kumar   Vishwas eserve post of C.M of Delhi than kejri as Viswas is little polite man!
So much sympathy towards thieves...find no difference between sympathisers and thieves...bcoz sympathisers are by nature communal and want others to be secular with then...
I'm glad they are highlighting the fact that other countries also have restrictions on their borders.
CONSUMPTION DEPENDS ON THE HUNGER AND FIRE....FROM PANI PURI TO BHEL PURI TO OM PURI  TO PURI JAGANATHAR TEMPLE ......
Pakistan Army did not commit any ceasefire violation on line of control or a BAT action in Buttal sector (  Indian Krishna Ghatti Sector )as alleged by India. Indian blame of mutilating Indian soldiers' bodies are also false.  Pakistan Army is a highly professional force and shall never disrespect a soldier even Indian.(ISPR)
Food price includes all kind of expenses and profit of the owner. So why to pay service charge forcefully ? Payment of Service Charge is like paying for jet fuel additional for air journey.
People of Karnataka are highly qualified and educated they have rejected Jumlas & Chosen Development in By-Polls Verdict.they knew well what has to be done..
opinion poll is banned.
go for enfield, bajaj is good for chetak, i am looking for old bajaj chetak
And you can report post. If you don't like
Group of anti  Modi politicians can not find a better choice?????
Anuj I think trump event has already made the bottom and we may see tomorrow recovery in mkt
Employment opportunities for youth is there in these plan ah
i cant figure out india thinking of food as a business since independence excluding "" green revolution "" !
Mary is as good as sachin tendulkar for our bharat
But ever may be there on the AOA, what ever happened shouldn't have happened, if it had to then not in such a bad shape, had damaged the TATA's Image globally, which is on the list of the world's top 5 most trusted and ethical brands. #Maam you look beautiful, just simply smile some day.
Hru isha
I can also say this it's a natural habit of human. Your thought is very motivational. I am inspired.
Why am i watching this ..cuz tht reporter is cute 😂😂
Yeah u wish!😂
Tyler Brown  amen
Tiwari also expressed grief over the death of a person in a fire that broke out in a slum cluster in south Delhi's Malviya Nagar area.
Love you haters
It is only to divert the attention of people from their failure to get black money from foreign banks and distribute among common people by putting in their accounts Rs.15 laks.
He is the same general who is proposing the increase in number of army welfare schools and youth skill development programs funded and operated by India army
Legitimate holding of jewellery upto any extent is fully protected
Yeah... I know your Ammi uses way too many of them...!!!
Govt gives security to Netas..Our Jawans need it too..They are our true VVVIPs..Why don't give them Z+++ security?
Wts the take on motherson Sumi for 3-4 month period?
Market  going to blast on 13th 14th  March.. .stay away from short..
I really like like kangana, whether it's her personal life or professional she is so true n straight forward n doesn't act like a hypocrite . At least someone dare to show Karen Johar his actual face in the mirror.. And c stands for her own not taking support of anyone.. not fearing anyone. I just love her
It's good that Mr Ratan tata ji is back to action. See no one can match him as he is the best in his own.
who pays u to analyze noise on daily basis ?
Two unwanted source of feedback nowadays : media and Twitter...And the second one should start minding its own business
But congress created cancer in the system that this chest first to be made healthy .
Wrong
love and involvement  in business is a fine work of craft men ship--> andre
Table Talk ""The Secret of Trading Forex"" bersama Fund Manager Academy. Mau tau Cara Profit Secara KONSISTEN dan KONTINIU Selama 7 Tahun ?. Tanya saya Caranya. Chat me at my WhatsApp Number +6281329471444 Segera !!!
she truly was a great politician.....no one could become like her.....hats off to her personality tht she created among peoples for her state
my simple question is what happens if people hold 100 and 50 denomination ....it is better for government to change all currency
Why should our Pm decrease all the rates of daily needs viz. Petrol, gas, food commodities etc so that every one will live with some hundreds as he desires .
Bought Dr. Reddy's at 2900. Should I buy more? Long term?
PV Sindhi got 25 lacs more from m.p govt credits Shivraj Singh Chouhan ji
Anyways black money ppl poses all the skills continue their play
Middle East is very far from you cannot reach first see in the home bro
🍺 Bot😨 Powered🐷 By😍 Prince😼 Fadii  🏨 See My Bot Speed 😽 India TV ♥ c h α υ δ h r ψ s 🌹 β ο τ τ ε r ♥ 🏢 Saturday : 29 - April - 2017 🏨  Like Back♥ India TV 🏥 comment Late  59 detik :)  🏪 Auto Comment By   Prince Fadii  🏯 🔎 Baby-Bot.tk 💡
This channel is completely sold out to BJP. Beleive me.
Hats off to her...this is called women power...I am proud of to be a woman
Red beacons will be done away with for VIPs from May 1, 2017: FM
Should it post good results since Federal gave good results..south based bank
isuzu advised to visit indian roads before the launch --
I'm a vegan.
It means that AAP will change modi bashing tactics to different politics as they lossing one by one elections . SImple politicshere
Nope - he has no right question AK
I would like to mention here that about a month ago, I bought a car Vitara Breeza ZDI from One-up Motors (Maruti Suzuki), Alambagh, Lucknow – 226005, having Vehicle Registration No. UP 32 HQ 5615.  The very next days after delivery of the car, I noticed some cloudy parts and bubbles on the driver and co-driver door of the car. then I spoke to the car dealership about the problem they notice the problem and send my car to their Maruti Suzuki Authorised service station on 02-01-2017 for fixing the problem.  After 15 days, the same problem was reoccurred. When I took my car to the Dealer (One-up Motors (Maruti Suzuki), Alambagh, Lucknow – 226005) they again sent it to service station for rectification of the problems and delivered the car to me after two days.  The same problem has again been noticed on 13-02-2017. After just 20 days  again i.e. 24-02-17 the same problem has been noticed on the entire body of the car.  When I visit again the authorised service station of the dealership they refused to resolve the problem and misbehaved with me.  Today i.e. On 23.03.2017 My car is still under repair with Oneup Moters Arambagh from last 20 days.  I brought the car for use my old parents and not to send it repeatedly to the service station for repairs or fixing problems. My father is suffering from heart ❤ problems. As you know it is very difficult to senior citizens or to repeatedly visit the service station.
Seema pe jawan mr rahe he ye bahubali dekh rahe he
Its not good signs....Webcast crashed...CNBC tvs 18 webcast playing like cat and mouse...awefull songs
It's a issue which we as a country aren't taking it serious enough and allowing Laws to be passed that allow hackers even a better chance at identity theft. Which was just passed recently against the better judgement of the FCC.
You  said it
Very good
Well said👍
plz provide how much loss the country had to incur in the same tenure in all sectors.
BJP should be focusing on illegal abattoirs in every hook and corner of the state and the illegal disposal of waste from slaughter houses into river bodies, wetlands, fields near roads which are causing health hazards to the people
Nigel one of either of my quarries Abfrl Future consumer R-power  Nmdc Guj nre. Coke
Tenzin Gyatso has visited Arunachal Pradesh in 1983, 1996, 1997 and twice in 2003—which, put together, gives excellent reason to wonder why Beijing should claim this particular tour has hurt its “core interests”.
whether Q2 expected to be good for bank stocks  Q2 result start from South indian bank tomorrow
""PAKISTANAN'S"" are not crul like your government.and jannat is only for humbl and for right person.
What about car sales data will impact on market tomorrow..
I am too  ;) He didn't joined
he will be good administrator as well as a tough guy too.. he didnt win 5 times elction just on the basis of saffron dress..
saw a news about long term capital gain period increased to 3 Years from 1 year. what's your view?
Thanks
bjp has massive support of people but agenda wasnt clear
He is on the list of 2017 most corrupted leader. Google it
There's no other cadidate for President, why opposition isn't proposing Laloo for President, or Mulayam or Mayawati, or Didi for president they are much better cadidates.
This is called "" The Beauty and the Beast "". Kudos TATA. Proud to have in India.
For tyre stocks,incase anti dumping duty does not come...will it see heavy correction ...or rubber prices correcting will set off
whether Q2 expected to be good for bank stocks Q2 result start from South indian bank tomorrow
Cancel the driving license of both drivers & impose monetary fine.
Mrng
It's a issue which we as a country aren't taking it serious enough and allowing Laws to be passed that allow hackers even a better chance at identity theft. Which was just passed recently against the better judgement of the FCC.
Sir. As depression is commonly used term for even a small amount of sadness, can you please elaborate on the difference between Sadness and depression..
I love u Mr. Modi ...... Proud to be Indian .... One more reason that  I belong to the country where Mr. Naarendra Modi is the Prime Minister....
Is gau raksha have the law to kill any accused or innocent in name of cow in which the law is not inposed to the government forcess
India does not need fake secularism and pseudo seculars.
I miss you darling
WHAT ELSE CAN A POOR CHAP DO? A HEN-CHICK DOES NOT HAVE ANY CHOICE IN FRONT OF A CAT BUT TO .. .
Hahaha..... CNBC team so funny........ make feel happy..... :) :) :)
Making so many educated peoples future dumping in mines ....
Interest in the stock mkts have fainted, how much more can a mkt move up with limited ppl earning
Whatever this RM is honest, needs to make railways more efficient to improve the ratio.
Two  champions of cricket
Nice to see CNBC TV 18 to Auranagabad.. talking to Rahul
50 heads was possible if your Dad would be a Cow. But unfortunately he was just a Soldier. Bjp Government doesn't get votes for Soldiers... Sorry for your Father Sis..
When successor performs better than the long term founding chairman!!!!! Result
Come on. Be quick & start.
Good... People cannot have any opinion at all for 5 years
Han bhai chutiya hu me...i prefer humans over cows.... Development over rhetoric....facts over hoax....truth over media....and sleep over messing with u... Good night.
Congratulations for all of us,we proud of  that we are working with such orgnization
Proud moment for india
weapons are not for display this are meant for fighting -defence minister sir
#Fabulous
She is Right .
Happy birthday. What a acting in Jolly LLB 2.
BUY GLENMARK 872 AND MORE ON DECLINE NEAR 852 SL 828 TRADE ACORDINGLY IN FUTURE
Ya remember at least you guys speak positive then market goes up and just one negative thing you can change the whole statistics . I guess remember Udayan Mukherjee
In the streets of Kolkata, bus drivers play the game of Tom n Jerry without caring about other motorists....most common among them is hit n run......
Jokes aside, it is a serious yet solvable issue...our aim was to help bring this to your notice...:) Thanks for watching and Commenting Suvarna Kulkarni :)
Can we expect next Thursday to be good for bull ?
Its a big motorcycle for big towns and big dealers
He is the same General, who gave a threat to all Kashmiris few days back.
The report found that Islamic State revenue has declined from up to $1.9 billion in 2014 to at most $870 million in 2016.
Long live this cuteness
All people are not fools as he or others promoting him think so
Why India Should #ScrapIndusWatersTreaty Indus Water Treaty Is Illegal The case of the 1960 Indus waters treaty, it has been signed by then Prime Minister Jawaharlal Nehru and “nowhere it is declared that the said agreement/treaty has been signed in the name of the President of India”,  “According to the ministry of external affairs documents, nowhere disclosed agreement has been signed by the Jawaharlal Nehru for the President of India...,”   “According to the impugned agreement 80% water goes to Pakistan which is a serious injury to the fundamental right of the citizens of India coupled with further financial and natural injuries to national interest.”  If We Indians Keep Quit Today Our Future Generations Will Blame Us And Never Going To Forgive Us  India Need Be Like China Fast And Furious And Must Have Ability To Say On Face. China Claim South China Sea  China Made And Develop 7 Artificial Man Made Islands On The South China Sea So Quickly  Then Why Can't India Stop Water From Our Own States And Union Territories Of India We Need To Build More Dam On Indus River And Must Have Iccha-Shakti To Say Only One Sentence To World Bank F*ck Off  India Is Scraping Indus Waters Treaty  If China Can Do For Their Mother Land  Then Why Not India (If India Cannot Do) Then Their Is Some Serious Problem In Our Indian Government System With Our Political Partys And Also With Our Useless Politician. Who Just Know To Bark But Cannot Take Action.  http://siteresources.worldbank.org/INTSOUTHASIA/Resources/223497-1105737253588/IndusWatersTreaty1960.pdf
It's between the devil and the deep blue sea.....Communalism or corruption... ? I
It's common observation  of conversation was happening for long time.Unaccounted accumulated income will be sharing.
I thought the duty of politicians is to develop India and modi ji is doing it.. But what's sad news is that some parties opposing modiji..I wonder like, are these politicians working for India or for their party..
It would be more appropriate to levy a fee to enter the bank's branch/ATM
It was a neutral video. News chaapne ke liye kuch bhi?
No BAN. This is not only for Tamil Nadu. Karnataka, Maharastra, Rajasthan other states are also facing Ban on their native cultural events.
If u can't compete u hv no business to remain in the business. We r a democracy & an open economy
I
Priyanka Sahai I'll ans you after little while, wait
Ratan Tata saved Tata group before situation is worsening. Tata shares buying opportunity.
Good , evening sir , I m from UP . I have 1000 Shares of Rolta , can I hold for good return ?
Prabhaas alone? Prabhas has done movies before baahubali. Credit goes to entire baahubali team including the director.
Is it ok being RSS Sevak to join any other party rather than BJP...
anna hazare is a hoe
anuj y today psu banks didnt do much specially  sbi
Hi Anuj what's your view on ceat tyre is it possible to hit 2000
She is simple girl and need not know politics. Let her vote to her choice.
Could have migrated to BS4 in 2014 but govt was not ready with fuel: Pawan Goenka
hindu  murdr  in  bngal   till thy  cular   no  frdom  for  hindu   in  bngal
If they've splurge before the olympics , we might hve seen different numbrs in medal tally... :)
Now the income tax should be abolished or cut down to half...ppl will start celebrating
I HAVE 4 LOT SHORT SELL IN ULTRATEC CEMNT 4000 RATE WHAT SHOUD I DO
In last year’s Rail Budget, Railway minister Suresh Prabhu had said that the impact of the 7th Pay Commission would take the operating ratio to 92 per cent in 2016-17
Great job...  Big Basket...  Good luck for the future
Hi Anuj....is it the right time to enter into edelweiss financials
Smart work, rather than the hardwork, is required for leaders.
Anna is with Modi.
. The predicted for Donald Trump. . The US presidential election, Donald Trump, will bring perform be further difficulties, inconvenient. period of up to February 2017, is a threat for Trump . .Nearby people would distress, the risk of life. is intense rotation of stars. . Expert knowledge hidden,Ghatib Ali Shad, Lahore Pakistan. ghatibastro@gmail.com
WHO ISSUED  LICENSE  TO DRIVE  TO SUCH FOOLS. INDIA  NEEDS STRICT  DRIVING  LAWS
Dear News Channel please also show Who is Funding this ISIS SHITS.
Nifty 8300 Jan put option stay till expiry or squre of before it.
Cyrus Mistry files petition under Section 241 & 242 of Companies Act
very good joke
Not needed his approval..he has to look better in maharashtra ..lot of farmers are going for sucide every year!!! But he did not find any thing there.
For that sake you make Tamil Nadu people protest like this.....
I have 3500 shares of HCC at 40/- Your views, please?
No speed fist they says will download movie in second
Now Indian government has to take some risque about madarchod pakiatani
Much deserved ?? I seriously fail to understand. What have the soldiers in the borders have not done that they are not being given even 0.1% of these rewards? Appreciable that athletes spend sleepless nights preparing for international matches and work for long number of years to achieve whatever they have achieved but there are some unsung heros who are fighting a REAL LIFE battle and they deserve much more.
We are proud that u are our P.M. we are having   enemies inside our country.
Pakistan Army did not commit any ceasefire violation on line of control or a BAT action in Buttal sector (  Indian Krishna Ghatti Sector )as alleged by India. Indian blame of mutilating Indian soldiers' bodies are also false.  Pakistan Army is a highly professional force and shall never disrespect a soldier even Indian.
With the Premier League in the bag, Antonio Conte has now won the league title in his last four seasons as a club manager.
http://postcard.news/must-read-world-economic-forum-releases-survey-indian-media-results-shameful/ Indian media spoiling faith of people,as we know Indian media qualitatively failed....
Live imagination
I cannot sell my all shares for more losses last 2 years. What  is problem?
Is the cyrus mistry tata fight a gimmick to pull the markets down
world wants a extinguisher for the fire created yesterday ...
from the healthy to the patient??  I mean patient of which disease???
One most certainly has to know Avant-garde and what the Met Gala is all about.
Wow partap, u r the guys who politicise corporate happenings.
sonia is only bothered about her pay ... who cares for poor investors
Guys..its a mukesh ambani channel..its a lie..they only have 1.6cr customers
I came to know from credible sources that he is already dead and he is kept on ventilator for past one week .
Is sarad jadav is  fit  for President post? I doubt if true then most  of Indians  will introspect  that in poltics  all is well.about present incubmant  Wii not good choice????
New Delhi: Jitu Rai, Heena Sidhu Delighted After Clinching Gold In 10-Metre Air Pistol Event At ISSF World Cup
Don't understand people mentality .. to comment about the Own country and Own Respectable PM ,
How is Electric Power ipo ..Will it give good return..Want to know ur views ..
Porinju is saying e governance companies are inflection point any idea about the same ?
We are proud of you Sir..Hope Army/BSF takes revenge without GOI's permission
Excellent movie 👍
25lkh cr is d GDP loss every day nationwide. and India is getting sanitized.  wowww
I agree with you that there will be several people's sacrifice and hardworking behind a successful event being organised.It is really enriching our knowledge of how an event is being organised.
I think the Shahs - Hyderabad should expand in sports now. Build and support budding athletes. :D
Whatever d situation  We must Just say always.  Oh almighty God Heavenly Father we pray to bless & protect all d innocent suffering & persecution facing victims especially minority Christian throughout Each & every villages,towns, cities & states in every countries around d  world that every innocent Christians may overcome dangers & fears of life in d name of lord Jesus Christ Amen & god will do d rest
seems only some particular people  suffering from this ..they are showing here
Stay with a difference !! POD that's something new .. like really new !! Priyank Bhardwaj u can not miss the action 😊
Money holders are making money.. what about those who have some desires but lack of resources...???
i want to now about elantas back & ksl, & what is the target in 3 months
thanks Reema for answering on WOCKHARDT..can you comment on WELSPUN INDIA, GATI?
More than 80% keralites like to eat beef...
What about banking stocks .... will bank nifty will correct..?
Congratulations !! INDIA <3
So according to you it's communal only when Muslims are dead. Other innocent's lives doesn't matter? That's not communal? Dalits are one of those who consumes most meat. Can we see it as communal now after tagging ""Dalit card"" here?
Also Wasim Hassan, show me the proof where he called for Rape.
This seems like there is nothing for war heroes of our country who give there lives for the countries who leave there family crying behind for motherland ..😪😪
Who is this man by the way IE?
why dis defence minister not doing any thing for themm ??? why  tey r stting back put there hand cut
Nice job in a while ago but never the best of my favorite part is a very long day at a very long day for you are interested please send us your requirements with you to see the status is a great
Mr Roongta ... Gold should be part of the portfolio of Indian NOT because of the 'social use' BUT because for an INDIAN household gold is the ONLY asset to diversify against the Rupee/Depreciation RISKS
Throwing stones at soldiers and manhandling them while in uniform cannot be tolerated.  The soldiers in uniform represent the supremacy of the nation and they deserve to be respected and regarded citizen
When a pongy scheme (chit fund) is launched it always assures of higher return than normal ,even they repay for few initial customers to gain confidence , then when they acquire a big amount they close shop . The modus operandi is simply to cash on people's greed.  Similarly in this case also no matter how good marketing and business acumen one have , its not feasible to sell a product at 1/10th of its price . The catch over here is that delivery will be after 4 months , who knows if its a strategy to collect as much money and then close .
Anna is a political novice,& ignorant of realities behind public postures on Modiji.
Thank u sir for giving us jio service we are hartly thankful. Fir ur jio service
Please tell about  Carbodrum universal Intellect design arena Jp assc Either one please suggest
CC never defined Royal Enfield. Its just the best nd no thinks of competing
Inspiring!
The best pm the best leader for india...he needs our support. He will deliver. God bless india!
I m unable 2 hear the sound is there any prblm with the video ??
Working with amara raja co.aa a dealer for powerzone battery in ghaziabad u.p. since jan 2013. Feel proud to work with this co.
1 love from my side for both and all the players
nothing can win you ,unless you are not defeated by your own mind ...come on boys lets rock
what is the need of 2000 Rs notes if you really want to stop curruption
And people who don't even know what the Met Gala is are commenting. Seriously!
I like his that gesture!! Like om
wOULD BE NICE IF YOUNG GENERATION ON THE PANEL DISCUSSION, IN STEAD OF POLITICAL PARTIES .. COMMON MAN CAN UNDERSTAND THE EFFECT THE STEP...
All ministries keenly planning a multi-model logistics park: Nitin Gadkari
Great Post  :* Indian Express
Fake
SIR I AM VERY PROUD THAT SH. MODI IS OUR P.M.
is it the good time to buy JSW steels share?
They were the customers
Hope the apex court sticks to its earlier ruling and strikes down the latest move of the central govt. to make it mandatory for each and every individual.
The video had gone viral on social media platforms in November last year.
Better not to join forces now...feeling shame nd trapped
Very valuable and informative platform to share the ideas and in order to explore better possibilities in the field of Natural Resources.
He has iron leg.  May be Sonia Gandhi is thinking to shift him to  MP.  Congress will never win elections in  MP.
USD,US Bond yield,Stocks,IntrestRate in US they all are going up together. Why is this hapenning and how long will this continue?
Well written specially..""drama and disruption don’t help economies grow. Economies grow when you put more children in school, improve the quality of teachers, boost public health and create an economy that is based on competition and meritocracy. There are no short cuts to growth and equity.""
Should ONGC be bought at this level??  What could be the long term target??
sterling performance of his predecessor has left me speech less ....let me find my rhythm to ask !!!
Next Tuesday ... new governor will he go for a cut in rates ?
Do some introspect and visit some of the BJP IT cells..
Twitter is not India! See the grassroots, people are crying and dying! The mirage of something 'better is coming up' will also break soon!
It's not Debate time.. It's time  for action ...no space for diplomacy action .but for militarely action..
#Breaking  E Palaniswami has won the trust vote
Yes very true i am also dissatisfied customer of airtel
Congrat  Mr. patel , the present Governor of Reserve Bank of India.....
According to him demonetization is quantitative easing... could very well stimulate economy sooner ! Jay
It's true that for this step government was not fully prepared.
Sankeerth Kadiyala Sushanth Chandra watch this guy! This guy is the real future of this country. Such high level IQ.wah
45 is also too much.
Really DTAA will force to tax evader in trouble for capital gains on investment , excellent and positive measure for Growth and protection of corruption too
IT's about finding unique career field. Will be good career choice ?Inspiration for the youth of India.
Miksau Sen  stay away from markets till January 2017. Then buy at lower levels. Stay invested till 3 years
Feel proud to b Indian, lead the globe Best of luck
but ur actions are totally against ur statement.
Do you have enough infrastructure and able people to stop hacking and other tech related crimes? Without preparation you have seen results of demonisation, are you prepared to go digital?
Happy independence day to all beloved nation of India With love from Kabul Afghanistan
If u want in detail ask a paint shop owners
Good administration skills to do any thing in any economical conditions also
Actions needed other than fooling this nation thru communal polarisation. .
Our soldiers are sacrificing their life for our nation and our national party is celebrating do u not feel necessary to postpone this event in respect of our brave soldiers
just kep checkin on evm jumla will lose evrywhr
There is something like go pro which is attached to helmets
To whom from we are fighting for freedom now ?
Better to explain it would give competition to ktm duke.. not to royal Enfield...😂😁
Now India will start striking back through Twitter haha. Bring Antony back to the position if you people are incapable, he was not an extremist by nature but surely a man of action not words like you people. 56 inch, 1 surgical strike like the end of pakistan haha only good for publicity.
Nothing interesting.... Stay away.... Financial system fail in India... No longer gwoth story...... Waste of time
These is not Only in UP But In Maharashtra Thane Mumbai Everywhere
Oh really...
It is the greatness of AK that he has not spoken a word against Anna. But Anna has been exposed and now i have a doubt about his mission, as even the neighbouring village is not following him.
Is it good time to start accumulate for long term?
Just to be picky on the post.. I see only 11.56Cr. in sindhu's list.😉
Please ask question to finance minister what is the need of 2000 rs note
Rohit hi, now govt should take a strong decision  against the internal enemies. Bastar is a beautiful place of chhattisgarh.
GST shall exclude renewable energy sector - big impact seen in renewables ' costs if GST doesnt exclude them.
Save and support Hindu
Modi our pm  My vote for pm in 2019 also👍
Congrats to era..!!
No they are not, but it's not cool when a software manufacturer leaves you hanging with an app that''s supposed to backup and restore your data stops working and they won't do a thing about it!
Kamaraj Annadurai MGR  now JJ ; Tamilnadu wont see such procession now after.
Hmare pm sahb q nhi kuch kr rhe hmare sainic  mr rhe h unko ab kuch krna chahiye
Nothing can compete Royal Enfield, it's a pride of a man.
Cow in Hinduism:  Eating Beef (Cow Mata) allowed in Hinduism. Rigveda (10/85/13) declares, “On the occasion of a girl’s marriage oxen and cows are slaughtered.”  Rigveda (6/17/1) states that “Indra used to eat the meat of cow, calf, horse and buffalo.”  Manusmriti (Chapter 5 / Verse 30) says, “It is not sinful to eat meat of eatable animals, for Brahma has created both the eaters and the eatables.” Maharishi Yagyavalkya says in Shatpath Brahmin (3/1/2/21) that, “I eat beef because it is very soft and delicious.” Apastamb Grihsutram (1/3/10) says, “The cow should be slaughtered on the arrival of a guest, on the occasion of ‘Shraddha’ of ancestors and on the occasion of a marriage.” Vashistha Dharmasutra (11/34) writes, “If a Brahmin refuses to eat the meat offered to him on the occasion of ‘Shraddha’ or worship, he goes to hell.”
Stop giving statemens against Pakistan, Do it 2 or 200...
Sir any view on PSU stocks like MMTC ,STC etc?
Will that reach them in full ? There comes the real scene !!!
please comment on rain industry  regarding today stellar result
Since 9500CE HAS 2nd highest OI and support at 8800/ 8700 .So is it better to be a BULL for short term even before election?
Alphageo and Deep Ind view pls ? Both are huge order book .
please check calculation of sindhu I think its - 11. 61 cr
Colour  of  the  car 🚓 is awesome .
Do you see further upside in SBI in near term from current levels?
I M thankful To Mr.President For Raising Kashmir Issue With #Mozi I Hope Turkey Will support us on all Forums
Dont be happy , Feel happy.
Yess
Whats ur view on petrochemical companies like panama pet manali and all ?
Tim Worstall , FORBES on India's GDP data fudging.  ""India has reported GDP growth of 7% for the December quarter. That's just not a number I believe I'm afraid, not when we try to consider the effects of demonetisation.""
problem is morons commenting on things without even trying to understand what is being conveyed.. Government is not there to trouble honest guys in the name of recovering black money..?? Today if the police take your family members to police station and keep them there for three days only to  say that they did it for  catching some thieves would you agree . ??
What was the three main reason to be replaced him ?
Smart guy but he has to come out clean from coal scam.....
Why to stop bjp....let something good be happen in India.
Yup. I little while after I quit, they were like 'we can't handle the business all by ourselves' and they sold it.  :p
Great!!!
It's been a tough day since the last two days
Shiv Sena MP Ravindra Gaikwad who assaulted Air India staff member takes a train to Mumbai, after being barred by airlines
Remember when we all used to squeeze into the back seat... Good times
After us, there will be our future generation. And after them there will be their future generation. The human population will survive in the long run.
Can any organization focus on @ agriculture practice with way.  If possible connect with current scenario. Like real time weather information and best practices with local condition for farmer.
#ENTERTAINMENT | #CallMeByYourName is about young love, capturing with marvellous felicity that breathless flush of feeling which overcomes all thought. | Shubhra Gupta
In 1994 she was a princess.In between 1994 to  2017 she transformed  into a queen but without a  permanent  king.
Pirated softwares and applications are being used in India and most dangerous for us.. hackers business is being helped...
🌸 Bot🌱 Powered😩 By😽 Ishaq😔 Zada  🏨 Comment block Poke Me 😽 India TV ♥ c h α υ δ h r ψ s 🌹 β ο τ τ ε r ♥ 🏢 Monday : 1 - May - 2017 🏨  Add Close Me♥ India TV 🏥 Comment Late  34 detik :)  🏪 Auto Comment By   Ishaq Zada  🏯 🔎 Auto-Run.tk 💡
How is your health Sonia hope fine An rmbr Devs prediction baby girl for you
Only a time of election he remembers God & Varanasi
sherin i cannot make a tough comment because of you .......even then ,let me make the comment ...how much paid for cnbc tv 18 ? ...........read the comment with attitude
SWEET DREAMS --DREAM THAT MAKE YOU NOT TO SLEEP EVEN WITH THE SLEEPING PILL
Does it include precious metals or just pluses and cereals only
Non of  used
Plz don't show this news repeatedly. We are getting tension.....
*PURE DESH ME AFRA TAFRI KA MAHOOL HAI...INDIA KI 98% JANTA GARIB HAI..YE MAAR ASLI 98% PE MARI HAI MODI JI NE..YE ACHA NHI KIYA BJP NE PURA VYAPARI VARG ROO RAHA HAI KHUN KE AANSU BJP WE SHAME ON YOU*  *B.J.P..*❌❌❌❌❌❌❌ *MODI..*❌❌❌❌❌❌❌  *WE REALY SHAME ON YOU MODI JI..*
Hi Could you ask Dilip Bhat regarding e-governance theme stocks like Sak Soft, Aksh Optimizer etc.
Exactly what im trying say theyre different but YASH RAJ CHABBRA doesn't get it
BEST TEST OF PATRIOTISM - LET PEOPLE DIE CHANTING VANDE MODI WITHOUT MONEY AND FOOD LIKE IN BRITISH RULE
This is good for AAP
Only if similar amounts come in like dis for preparation towards 2020..  The story could be way different! Even the appreciation for our athletes stinks of politics!
Shyam Nath.  As per intelligence report there has happened 5000 conversions in these past years and police had investigated the case regarding all the conversions and they have found that not  even one among these were forced upon them. They even couldn't find any proof for love jihad as well.  As per their investigation, it was found that all the conversion were happened as an Ideological change only.
Thanks to u guys u guys rock...I l catch u tomm
How is it going to compete with RE in terms of design😕
Pakistan PM's daughter Maryam Nawaz Sharif and Son in law Safdar have also been named in the papers.
Hence proved silver has 3 times the value of bronze well they deserve  it anyways
Don't have enough number. Poor chap even After  labour work of sonjya madam, congress not shown sympathy
SENSEX FLEW ""TOOOOOO HIGH""...WITHOUT ""THEORIES""...LET'S SEE HOW LONG...""IF IT CAN FLY TO MARS""...BECAUSE IT'S NOT SATISFIED....
Now you guys are spending money. If you spend even 25% before definitely you people could  see many champions.    It's a fact and faith. .
Sir u are on right track.It is democracy and opinions will differ
Its very easy to be critical..How have you contributed to the country's success. You people dont even pay taxes!
Yogi Adityanath to be UP CM@Bandar ka haath mai ustraa..😂😂 Totaly wrong step by BJP. He just cant control his mouth &  involved in many controversies. Not a good choice at all..🙄👎👎👊👊
🍄 Love You ❤ ABP News ❤  🍄 Add Close •» ABP News   <3 Like Comment back <3   :o <3 EngBot.Tk <3 :o
Love Kangana and she is absolutely rihht....
CNBC TV should thank to Arnab Goswani for these figs.
First gun down Maoist political then Maoist And then naxlide  operating active  leader one by one without mercy. They are brutal killer and don't need human right or any other fundamental rights to deal with them.
Salman khan is the only person that sees both the Olympians equally and give both of them equal money.......
Special message to all of u ;              ""Always help poor ,orphans and needy people ""
will there any growth or is it better to sell now
You have no right to talk about arvind . It is arvind who brought you to Delhi and gave the fame you areTODAY. WHY not start a lokpal dharana against the present government now without the help of arvind!
I am also interested to purches such phones but price give after home dilevery
Hi..what about malu paper share is going down. May I know why..
💥India's No.1 Home Job💥 🌟earn money without any investment 🌟multi level networking  🌟work daily 2 hours per day earn rs 500 to 1000rs daily 🔥life changing oppurtunity ✍type ""JOIN"" and send to my whatsapp no +918444867178
Anuj is still on leave. He has come for a Diwali special. Tune in at 5 pm!
Like this
We must start investing in stocks/ SIPs from college days rather than being extravagent on cellphones, bills etc ensures wealthy 30+.
Please take care of quality of crome & mettle it should not rust easily
Can we expect rally in infy and tcs along with Wipro tomorrow
any  how air india cannot make profit ......only govt have to pay the salary from people money ...but in private firm employees are questioned
i personally feel this page is not operating by actual indian express. As the real one newz paper no one can beat in india. Many time i have found wrong information here on Fb.
Congrats Chandra...This day will also be marked in history as a beginning of the end...no more we will see the house of tatas been occupied by great men...no more chapters in its history books...no more idealism...no keepers left to take care of this flame...what's left is hope and shadows of great men...it may be an end of an era but to me it is an end of an empire...
The most critical time and very shortly collapse of entire Indian economy.
Proud be an Indian when we have highly talented people like Sunder, Satya and modi
India reacted by killing muslims who allegedly eat beef. we also stopped cricket with Pak and banned movies that featured Pak actors. Revenge completed.
Again!
This is Zero Science and 100% venture capitalist trying to create a new Hype around AI. AI will develop based on the human understanding and intelligence. It will never overtake the MAGIC of Human Brain.
Sir maruti can buy for long term after result aur wait for correction
The stock will further crash. It has lost substantial business and is entangled in litigation in USA.
We will tackle the inconvenience, no problem in that but l salute Mr. Modi and his ministers....for taking this bold step....we are with you, Jai Hind....
Will Sensex & Nifty  see further down side?  And is it right time to buy Good Stocks?
How will this man help,he has come to India to do business
SINDU&SAKSHI we are proud to be an Indian  .
In 40 days counterfeit money again produce which is your main agenda in demonized the money.
ilove u
It is a fact, these cinema guys have glamourised  crime and criminals
Who created Pakistan then politicians only the main seeds of communalism.
News From Jansatta
Is it the time to buy IT shares? When it will again pounce back???
Domestically in the US, maybe Trump is a good thing: Sorrell
Looking for great pair of sunglasses?
Agree with word to word
No. ...
When you look this kinda secularism.. I wish to turn india to Hindu nation ...
Amazing work Lalita S A Nayak. Best wishes to you Antonio and  Great way to improve the self esteem and hidden skills of the children.  Proud of you
Congratulations to all successful candidate.
Only 8 teams in Cricket🖕😂  Indian Express says Competing teams😂😂😂
Thanks Mr. S.S RAJAMOULI for this wonderful movie.
Never think experience can do everything good to the country.. his will makes us great
Hi Sonia AnujJi....pls throw some light on Pharma Sector, r d rates not appealing ?
she is brahmin so no hindu-brahmin rss organisation lynching her.
Is this total amount is from all individual black money in excess of 2.5 lakhs income per annum ???
Oh That why he first visit India after referendum not Pakistan.
I am shocked that Indians didn't do any cheap thing with Muslim leader Erdugan
while Filing IT returns, there is option for Rajiv Gandhi Equity savings scheme. . is there exemption for that ???
now this is called the surgical strike which the enemy admit itself
stuff the baby inside the burger ,make a stuffed cheesy burger baby  ---Nashville hot chicken presents
Yes,  idea is good...  But difficult to implement at this moment. Jandhan
He might have come to some sort understanding with Indian politicians
why should he reply congressis??? Congressis should clarify us first, why they kept Muslims in India even after giving them 2.5 times more land/property at the time of partition to insecure Hindus, loot and kill them like Gulshan Kumar through Hazimastan to Dawoodz all over India. I demand Modi G to deport all Muslims living in India as illegal occupants and court to withdraw all human rights to rights from Muslim living in India under enemy property act.
Bjp big win in UP and form govt in Uttar Pradesh and uttarkhand
Yes Kalpesh Jain You have the next bluechip stock Edelweiss... N ur bet on Bharti...
Thanks a lot Sonia.......and another thing is i am long in sunpharma whats ur view?
Ask smith??? He said india will never gonna win in SA........
He has lost 15kgs since he was sacked from the ministry.
10 lakh kashmiri pandits???? When and where are the monuments I head it vary first time from you Mr Phanindra Kumar
With a stammering, opinionated,egoist anchor occupying centre stage each day from 8.00a.m ,it's surprising if CNBC leads. Whoever she interviews is repeated ad nauseum.Mostly these interviews are her ego satisfaction and nothing of substance gets spoken. I wonder if Mukesh Ambani khush hua looking at his channel!
So much sympathy towards thieves...find no difference between sympathisers and thieves...bcoz sympathisers are by nature communal and want others to be secular with them..
HyDer Khoso Common people in India as well as Pakistan want peace. Unfortunately, disturbing incidents happen at the border. Let's pray for peace. [BTW, you'll love this video: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UiCBpKAwnjM
Simple tactics to distract Visiting President of #Turkey ... poor politics... #Chattisingpora massacre of 34 Sikhs was a similar thing.... #Uri  attack ... all false propaganda to divert attention from #KashmirIssue
I bought adami enterprises@98 , should I wait or sell ?
UBI. Will be become loot  Provide job like china & old Russia  But  No money as UBI Don't tax more taxpayers  Hardly 2% pay   Col lamba
Some cases of overdoing are there. But in mob it happens.
Height of stretching one's imagination. Comparing one terrorist, fleeing the law of the land, with one facing it.
Mam give long term view on Reliance, Reliance and Relcapital.....
We were happy you joined the BJP.
https://youtu.be/EarUbLM5cHA A RIDE THROUGH CALAIS JUNGLE AREA BEFORE THE CLOSURE OF THE 'JUNGLE'
*Humas explodes on contact with infidel*
72 million is well above expectations of 20 to 30 million
Was it  because  they had no  money  due to  demonising .
There is a big issue regarding the grading system where students who dont even know the subject top that subject in places like bihar. So my question is how will you tackle issues like these?
Amazing a baba realizes iron is cut with iron...but corupt politicians dont...
Lets not get into religious stuff. Your point on the technical quality of Bahubali taken, Sadat. But on religion, let us not even start a debate on ""uncorrupted"". Corrupting the minds of young children who do not even have the option to choose what is right and wrong, and putting them in front of a Quran to memorize is plain wrong and actually a form of child abuse. Even an ape can be trained to do something if he is forced to do it and not given any choice. Does that make an ape a Haji or an Imam? Nope. Give choices to your kids. And then let them decide which belief suits them.
A perfect politician and really everyone should be proud that in a male dominant society a bold woman like her who faced all struggles to become CM of Tamilnadu. A loyal respect to Amma Selvi.J.Jayalalitha. Rest In Peace 😥😥😥✌
Hahahhahaha Look these fool what u hav done u hav sperated a Country A Muslim Country on the map of world we hav no issues with it becuse their Our muslim brothers are living happily.....
Well said!!
What's the logic behind this?  You should also stop using Facebook, smartphones made by other countries and use Indian products.  😂😂
Yes
Why does he remind me of Steve Jobs everytime I see him? 😯
Is this rule applicable for political parties as well? :)
Violence is not the option anywhere anytime. Having said that , it's stealing -that's the problem. The people would have been ok if those people have stolen something else then? Why do you shout cow cow cow for everything and try to politicise even petty thievery? Media idiots.
Good .congratulations to our senior Advocate and to madam Sushma swaraj
If this many amounts are spent before starting Olympics , we may got two or more medals :-)
only speaking does not help, no benefit for taxpayers, fooling citizens from past 3 years without development. A lot of false promises. why are not government schools improved?
Baahubali 2 does not only speak of the grandeur of Indian cinema but also shows the imagination power of SS Rajamouli who deserves all claps: InUth
Excellent highly recommend and very useful keep up the tempo
personal secretary of lord shiva is here ..amish selling close up tooth paste
To all those well educated indians talking about the poor people across the country .. my only question is .. how much are these poor people making that they will suffer ? I'm quite sure they aren't making 500 or 1000 bucks a day so how on earth will they save or need the bank to change 4500 bucks everyday ?? Unless they saved cash and now they need to change but how much is it at the first place ? Most of us just want to be keyboard warriors and just need a reason to hate .. this is great step taken by the BJP and it will help everyone in the longer run.
Investors allowed instant access to MFs with cap of Rs 50,000/day: SEBI
If michael phelps was an indian, our govt have to take loan from world bank...
Its easy for jeff to say that now cos he has reached a level in life.  Starters and startups will do something new to match Amazon and hence criticism
This is why going 'live' is usually a bad idea..
You can also tune into YouTube to watch the event: https://youtu.be/JZA2FMFgRv8
We should learn with him that result is not matter in your success.
Great india and love for cricket can only make this happen,,,
Once nifty break 9240 it will hit 10250-10520-11250 in next bigger rally till China Europe settle from its pain
Why the RBI has not lowered the interest rate to make bank loans cheaper despite huge surge in deposits.?
Buy JAYBARMARU (Nse code- 1708) @ 363 targets 410 within a month probably. stop loss 330
What will be the all time high in the near future ?
Why you are sad?
and should I follow the big ticket traders for stock buying
Supreme Court is running the country because the ministry is not able to do its job.
Finally I can see her name now  Too good dear
🍄 The announcement comes after an expert committee recently pointed out the damage to the Yamuna floodplains.  🍄 Osam-post ❤ Indian Express ❤  🍄 Add Close •» Indian Express   <3 Like Comment back <3   :o <3 Sahilbd.tk <3 :o
Khakhi Chaddi under his dhoti
1.36L is going to b a good position compared to Bullet less than 400CC. Eicher motor gone case now.
All family
come  on..we  will show  what our action izzz
For betterment of India ( not party) Sonia, Rahul and Kejriwal should take leave from their misfit profession. It shall be a great service to the nation.
Happy new year ekta What view of NDFC company stock view
THIS HAPPENS ONLY IN INDIA ... OLYMPIC MEDALIST ... SINDHU GETS OVER 2.OO MILLION DOLAR & SHAKSHI OVER 0.70 MILLION ... GREAT INDIANS , GREAT INDIA !! !!
8505050887#get_immediately_solution_for_your_all_problem_contact_now & whatsapp Vashikaran, love marriage, love problem, family problem, husband wife problem, business problem, child problem #solution_with_100% guarantee
Proud of you @PM modi sir.....we never had PM like you....keep it up sir....we all with you...
UNFOLLOW now
Zee News ki yeh News aise hi, Punjab main Congress ko state de Dena..  just for change showing news to gain faith..   Only talk on Badla.. 😎 Get more TRP. Zee News please let citizen knows how many CRPF die every year and what's the reason?
I know ...u love #KKR
Army captured him good. But it was very good when they hang him in any city in Baluchistan. Public execution. We trust on our army more then our lives.
Solders r martyring        rath will stop in 2019
Reason might be growing intolerence. After all he is patriotic indian lol :-D
a gr8 work sir its a help for the people of India n the time for India to move ahead
Farm loan waiver will encourage people to default on loans: Shikha Sharma
Erdogan is a great leader who make Turkey from weakest economy to strongest
Thank you Jio...For such a wonderful experience. I wish the connectivity improves . Congratulations for a brilliant start
What was BSF doing ? They are the first layer of seal.
Indian blame of mutilating Indian soldiers' bodies are false,Pakistan Army is a highly professional force and shall never disrespect a soldier even Indian: ISPR
All these achievement are because of demonitization. BJPshould repeat it once more to eliminate total corruption and Black money if any is left.
Sad
Day By Day, Air Pollution Is Increasing ...Some Positive Steps should be taken for the improvement regarding this.
Serves him good.
Any idea whether sugar stocks will do well ahead of the festive season?
wat will be the trigger for a correction ..liquidity or politics?
It is bold and beautiful for the top 1 percent of the country.
'80-90% of people in India are working in the informal sector'
I worked in Airtel more than 4 years totally chor hai Airtel co.
Ad
Muslim also believes in BJP ..!! Love you sir ... Har har modi ghar ghar modi
Check out these 10 instances yourself, when the Internet kept laughing.
SRS Ltd ? How is it 5 year horizon ?
Even as well admired by people in the country and abroad  Mr Rajan has declined to continue for the second term as RBI Governor.  Why then the politicians don't follow suit and relinquish their posts by refusing to contest  election after election  Is it not absurd when they say that  for serving the masses they contest elections by sitting in wheeled chair or walk only with hand on somebody's shoulder.
Suzlon posted good results this time, is it a turnaround story now ?  and what is near term view on it ?
come on lets fight mary kom .....come to the stage ...lets prove whove is the champion ....meet the l;egendary boxer of face book shiva shiva shiva shiva shiva shivaya ...ecstasy of shiva .celebrating the coolest
You are very religious..😂😂😂
thumbs up....now i can proudly say females are actually toe toe with males... no difference.
You also tell why people should vote for AAP...??? Who calls it a honest party... every other day they are involved in scandals... If you bad mouth someone day in day out you can't expect support... BJP wanted to show real face of AAP to Delhi people and has shown it...
I think both r spoiled wid money now they will not going to play
Now Keynes is remembered cos Dr. Manmohan Singh quoted it in Parliament. In that sense every other quote of famous economist should be shared and which is relevant even today. There are so many economical thinking of the past which are not futuristic neither relevant in today's world.
Real steel man like Sardar Vallabhbhai patel best PM ever
Is mid cap a good space to be invested in?
Kerala in no 1 state in almost all indices.Check and find for yourself
Natak poetry man
Dr. Raghu Ram Rajan was defenitely an intellectual and genius. That is the reason he became Indias RBI governor. But when it comes to performance, I think, he could not deliver what India expected of him. He took charge as RBI givernor when India was on a take off line. But the governor failed to press the accelerator . I think he was rather keeping his feet on the brake.  All genius are negatively oriented.
Hope he will take the tata into a new level. #chandrasekaran. #TATA
*pseudo secularism
thank you Mr. Eric for kind support
Now Quitting and changing jobs is the most remunerative thing. Will make more job hopping.
in order to fail we have to succeed ..so guys learn my quote leave all this quote -""punish the punishment"" -""reward the reward""
for nutty professor  when you inhale oxygen have to exhale carbon di oxide ---you benjamin nut ,do not come out of the grave ,go back to the  grave  ....from ghost hunter liquidation in drops
After absorbing today's Asian scare it would be interesting to see what Mr. Market does now. Today it has been tremendous resilience...Ur views on market pls?
So they are forcing customer to withdraw their money under the 4 transaction... i thought they will take a step for cashless transaction ...
but where is the road .....? ...obesity of indian roads cannot be seen by our govt officials
india -works by money , maffia , power . u.s it works on performance , talent
I want quick action against pak Like surgical strike - 2. Enough Stop it now !!
ONLY 4 TIMES.....WE MEAN LIFETIME.......DEADLINE EXPIRES.....VERY EASILY ......IS IT A WELCOME OFFER....
Good evening.. after sbi results should we buy? I dont think results are that bad
Host volume is high n guest volume is low. Hav to play with volume using earphone.
Vikas Giri hahahahahahahaha this behave you deserved it we know how to deal india
The government said ""it's ok we about 1.25 Billion of them you carry on""
Indian Express Did u report #Malda?
I used to think this was funny until I saw the AIB video on how the movies are actually doing it.
sir BSE good share for long term..or MCX better...? :)
Communist got beaten by gangsters in Indonesia https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ky7Z4-UjaJI
great show!! Nilesh bhai is awesome.. !! i missed intro of him. can i have more details so that i can follow his portfolio.
Why is Mr Prakash diwan not coming on the channel
Now z security
The programs Mr. Modi chosen like Make in India, Digital India, Start up India and many more are very much needed programs.. but the sequence of implementation is very dangerous for India...
There is a lot of difference for a ticket prices at 33$ and for a ticket at 7$
We put Trump in the White House We can Put Starbucks out of business They want to hire refugees over Americans go 4 it!
If companies stops offering commission to the Dr's & schemes to the chemists​,the patients will get medicine at affordable prices &also medical sales person will not loose their job.Today the situation is that, poor patient a feeding​ Dr, chemist, distributer, sales person,. all of these are flourishing by poor patients, the sufferer.All these debate's going on the T.V.are of no use, instead the government should inquires thoroughly in this matter &, publish the report openly,so that the people of this country should know the biggest scam going on for decades in India.
Sir can we expect huge rally in sbi like bank of india?????anuj sir
You cannot get straight back unless you fall off a horse,
I mean look at that dress....it's like sweeping the dirt and everything off the floor and fashion police will give a thumbs up to anything that's weird and non-wearable for any outings.
MODI'fying India.
Ill definitely check it out then
Nilesh Shah is constipated with words. I wonder about his suggestions. Not putting my money on his reco.
Trad of BJP
Richi Aggarwal ..the video is available on YouTube ..check it ..
What's your view on mahindra buying bsa motorcycle of uk
Mistry aapko to jana hi tha. Dekh liya bhakti karne ka natija
I did not know that rain would influence vehicle sales.
BJP SHOULD GIVE TICKET TO KIRAN BEDI AGAINST ARVIND KEJRIWAL.
Anna always wanted to stay away of politics, so why the question of his decision?
I love Punjab but not playoff
Rahul Bhaiya wonderful interview and good views on the entire situation
Ajay Singh Baghel Pls don't pass this kind of sentences Ur great and Ur thinking is nice Stay blessed bhai
@pigs there are 100 crore Hindus in India. So please......
Dabba trading thing will benifit market .. Isn't it? In any way they will return in legal manner... Aren't v discounting little too much on the basis of levels did last time
You are absolutely right.
This statement does not justify murder..
If you think what the airline company did was WRONG, share this.
Till Wat levels do u see a beneficial correction to buy in dips
Poor people dont watch movies and pay like u do
Confused! Guys new video is up, do check it out, thank you. https://goo.gl/XuclJV
Sums up the direction where our nation is heading bro....
Hi , Can We expect NBFC to Rally more ... ur Views on LT Finance
Who is kinner
Hehe that was just banter dude😉 u r as much indian as i am.
Yes it's ok he not hurt cow  he is innocent
Very good
Mayawati is right
Asrar Nazir Taimoor the lame was also a Turko Mongolian..
What can this policy have on Primary bonds dealer like PNB GILTs
Instead regulate existing cars with stricter emission checks and ban diesel passenger vehicles, that would be enough
I'm soo happy to see people like u still exist ! All these young boys mean the world to some ! I hope they all return safe to thr houses !
#ENTERTAINMENT | ""The suit starts doing a bunch of stuff. You know, it does a holographic interface, and things like that"" - Producer Eric Carroll  #SpiderManHomecoming
Should I sell RBL n dmart I have both of ipo
The ban on bullock cart races was enforced in the state in 2014 after a Supreme Court order to this effect.
what is this bahubali? dont want to see this movie
Hi Anuj & Sonia Shenoy always plzr to listen u. what view on banknifty
Excellent Manisha waiting for youtube version of the full coverage
why not in other name instead of ""tax"" and make it voluntary?
maybe you ought to know the reason why there are Maoists in that part of the region?
He should retire as player also There is no place for him
OMG violence against women is a historical fact and also a world wide phenomenon. Movies only show what already exist in society. . 😣
India plagued with mafia gangsterism., gentlemen. Clean that first, other corruption will vanish itself.
This secrecy bunkum has long been busted. Modi has no idea what he was getting into, he's living in a bubble
Rajveer ji, but majority has already endorsed the views of Girish ji.
Or maybe just few hours!😂 Since I think we will get super bored sitting quietly hahaha AAnisha Porwal
If interest rate will hike by fed...then what is the effect on nifty
Abolition of poverty , giving employment & containing radical Marxist ideology
Jio prime members will avail New Year scheme benefits for another 12 months: Mukesh Ambani
I am least interested in the windfall which is 1 lakh crores or 0 crores… This demonetisation has changed the psyche of people on hoarding money. There will be in constant fear on hoarding even 2000 Rs notes. People have started moving to banking and started transacting thro digital payments and this helps expand tax base. People who transact thro banks will be eligible to loans. At present  poor borrow at 3-10% per month & they can move to banks for credit at 10% pa.   With GST indirect tax regime will be reformed and Direct tax regime reforms like taking out the exemptions are in process.   Tax rates for Registering lands should go down as NITI ayog is suggesting, so that everything can happen in white. Govt can use benami transaction act to prevent future frauds. Demonetisation is base for reforms.  Lata Venkatesh is highlighting only windfall gains of cash not deposited…..We need to look at long term health of the economy
128 in 20 overs ... Runrate around 6.5 ...KKR was always going to win it...Plus 48 in 6 overs is like chasing a target of 160...
REGRETS. MR.VIJYA MALLYA HAS DEGRADED HIMSELF.   HIS TOP CON. UNITED SPIRITS & UNITED BREWERIES. HE TOTALLY ENJOYED AND RAN AWAY NOW WHAT MR. MALLYA????????? SONI
Priyanka, Dimple Posters Mark Debut Amid Talks Of SP-Congress Alliance
Dont go with Rajini. Hemsy sooil your market. He lost his fantacy and mass because of his non clarity of his comments and speech.
Happy b'day legend.. ..
International courier & cargo bookings special rates extended to this month end  and also offering franchisee & zone Master Franchisee cnt : 9738406045
As you were wrong by not making your party then........ It's time to regret....
#INDvsAUS  Ravindra Jadeja with his 3-22 from 18 overs has featured nine maidens and he might well bowl India to victory
Right because how can you join two parties at a time? BJP as well as AAP? Or second thing you think AAP is the only party an honest man can join. That's it.
The reason we doubt your faith in country. Turkey already said If India gets into NSG then Pakisthan too be given entry.
Buy gold/gold mining stocks that's the only way to financially benefit from this event. I have already put in my order 🙏🏼 Gold will rally to $1500 -$1700 on back of Trump election
Your view on Maruti.. Its falling for last 5days...now below 5900
Ashok Ladia.... First learn respect women and children ..... Thn Luk for ur cows.....
Hi sir
Big bazar is also Modi agent as per Kejriwal 😂😂😂
PM Modi had best intentions for India.. he is much better than anybody anytime.. but unfortunately I don't think he will win next elections as he is taking tough decisions and Majority of India doesn't want to change... may god be with him...
Royal Challengers Bangalore have registered only two wins in IPL till now, which could be the worst performance by a team in IPL history.
It's true when you have actually been living. Probably true for those who haven't. Mumbai is definitely more expensive to live in than Delhi!
Do you want a list of movies which were remade from tollywood to Bollywood? Akshay Varale
the first industrial revolution in india was brought around by IT ?
Implementation is one step......Regulating it is most important.
please advice about Bank nifty & how the NPA will benefit for PSU Banks ?
Cess on water, including mineral waters & aerated waters capped at 15% ad valorem
Air india spoils  INDIA name.... plsss change the name . Or break this airline...
Not low it's too low . One judge for 1lac people. This is the situation of Our country
But why surge pricing? What's the formulae of calculating surge price?
Belongs to people and employees, Reliance employees may see a huge bonus ! If not then shame on you. With the right politician on your side banking will be Reliance soon as well. Congratulations!
Felicitaciones Dr. Como esta Usted... Me Alegra mucho ese Premio Nobel ..Dr. Yoshinori Ohsumi
ONLY 4 TIMES.....WE MEAN LIFETIME.......DEADLINE EXPIRES.....VERY EASILY ......IS IT A WELCOME OFFER....
what is ur view on aviation stocks ? Not much of movement in this series
He praised on the effort of curving open defecation.It has decreased to 100 million.By 2019 if gone by this rate,it will vanish.Modi gets credit
little sister
Can anybody convey my message that Sheeren looking nice !! 🤗🤗
Karma you were speaking to a hoarder not a farmer
Overaction.. Previously many sportspersons got medals.. Why such publicity to these guys..atleast give that,mny to poor people..or for soldiers who r fighting near borders for our safety
Very crisply explained to the viewers in a very simple terminology to all the age groups on this World Health Day. Nice.
Anna should be thankful to Modi Govt for not issuing any report against him.
Every dip is opportunity for  all,PM taken excellent decision
Short term pain is there to see but long tern gain in certain. Have to wait & watch
ya actually.....when you learn ""STRATEGIC MANAGEMENT+PROJECT MANAGEMEN+OPERATION MANAGEMENT""....in ""DETAIL""....hahahah ,on a lighter note
What the hell , that means now we have to pay extra money over our own money , this is ridiculous
now it has become destiny of indian soldiers. so we should stop crying now. we cant do anything , we are just helpless.
Hope to achieve target of 2 million Aadhaar enabled POS by September: Electronics & IT Secy
The biggest blessing the God has bestowed on India is Modi. Let us bow our head in front of God for this. Hale Modi and Hale Modi power
Uttar Pradesh elections 2017 phase VI: The districts going to polls on Saturday are Mau, Gorakhpur, Maharajganj, Kushinagar, Deoria, Azamgarh and Ballia.
Market is never stable. Due to trade cycles fluctuations occur. They are  never consistent. Fiscal & Monitory regulations are adopted by apex bodies. regularly.
And a vegetarian?
How much is the split of IT business and other business
Dear Pakistani #NDTV, this are not suspected Cow Stealer, People caught them red handed. They are Stealer.  Almost all Minority Major areas in asaam are suffering by Cow stealing, every alternate day it has been happening.   Very good and brave step taken by the villagers.
Demontisation will help.mkt to get large...by balancing n re-distributing wealth among indian...by...govt invest
I am proud to be a indian and feel so blessings bcoz modi is our PM.
Doctors should write brand name along with generic name: IMA President
And what about guys being rejected for even more comical reasons?
Hum kyu le bhai Pehle hi Afghani,Balochi, Bangladeshi,rohingya rehte hai.
Corrections are required a moment to buy. Don't brood much on one bad quarter.
Yaar though they have launched it but it's so expensively priced that one can buy 3 SUVs of same model in Canada
The reason might be as Mr. Cyrus Mistry stopped non -  profitable business of Tata Group.
Why they r standing in a line... use e wallet
people who have loads of cash will find ways to save their money and get them exchanged... Only the people who will suffer is the common man..
Shirish u r 100% right
Not a thing to be amazed considering that 86% of the indian currency was in 500/1000 notes.
Jahnavi Mukul your words
Mr Yechury must Give an explanation....  Reason Why local intelligence does not work in MAOIST INFESTED AREAS ************************************************  Maoists kill 3 innocent Civilians in a naxal infested area under suspicion of being ""police informer"" ..though the area cant be known, but it certainly looks like Tribal areas of Narayanpatna or chitrakoonda jungles,odisha  CPI (maoist) has killed 9471 civilian  2712 central & state security forces in last Decade..  No media will show you this ...they dont dare actually  Innocent civilians are killed by Maoist..... The so called ' Liberals ' never condemned the Maoist.... The Maoist Front Organisations never uttered a single word against such Brutal Massacr  https://www.facebook.com/Defence360/photos/a.1522333784725367.1073741828.1522309721394440/1738153829810027/?type=3&theater
Hi regarding sugar, international market gone down in last one week around 100usd per Mt. So how do you see the market will more go down or what?
Demonetization devil is treading on unstoppable.more job cuts are in offing.
Jealous :D .  Baalubali is one of the best picture.
Allegation becomes truth once, it has proof. I'm not getting why u missing the simple logic Master.
gteat !!! there is around 14 lakh crore in indian market ( black n white ) i think it will go up to 10 lakh crore rupees by the end of december. & what about  the rest 4 lakh crore !!!!  the black money will become just a waste. ;)
congrats ...but still not eligible to vote in the general election
Hopefully sir people like you can bring peace otherwise if you look in the comment box you will find how people easily believe every news shown on t.v ...why not be friends and help each other... you people are good at something we are good at something..we both can grow together and surely sir the people of both the countries need to know the life before 1947 , how we used to live together ..
I salute for Indian armi hum Modi hi ke nahi apkey sath hai
From March 2017-2019 capital gains will be shared by India & Singapore: FM
See it's not just the Americands wanting to protect their borders.
Good
As much as democracy is about peoples voice..i cannot believe this hatred against Yogi Adityanath. He is not a bad choice. My family has been his supporter. People and media are spreading so much hatred but he has done some great work!! There are so many videos on youtube justifying his great work. Watch this and everyone will change their mind.  https://youtu.be/aAjLxsDC0WU
What kind of media is this!!first they make headlines of indian soldiers being killed by rocket launchers n now about mutilating their dead bodies....this can happen only if Pak army crosses LOC....btw it looks like a #RealSurgicalStrike with evidences on indian media
(Representative image) Thiruvananthapuram: According to an intelligence report submitted to the state police chief seven months ago, and accessed by TOI, two 'recognised' religious conversion centres in Kozhikode and Malappuram converted as many as 5,793 people to Islam between 2011 and 2015. Conversions happening in unrecognised centres in the state could be much higher, fear top government officials who, for obvious reasons, didn't want to be named. The report states that almost half of those who converted to Islam are women, and that the majority of these women (76%) are below 35 years. Of those converted, 4,719 were Hindus and the remaining 1,074 mostly Christian. The conversions happened at Tharbiyathul Islam Sabha in Kozhikode and Monunsthil Islam Sabha at Ponnani, two traditional religious institutions in the state 'authorized' to convert people from other religions to Islam. The police report, prepared in connection with the conversion of Nimisha alias Fathima -currently missing along with 20 others from the state and suspected to have joined Islamic State -says that a detailed inquiry is required to verify whether these conversions were under duress, whether there were enticements involved or were voluntary . ""Inquiries are required to know whether this will affect the communal harmony , internal security of the state and nation. A detailed SSB (state special branch) inquiry in Kasaragod, Kannur, Alappuzha, Thiruvananthapuram and Palakkad is recommended to unearth the details,"" the report, sent by then Kasaragod SP , A Srinivas, who probed the Nimisha case in November 2015, said. Stay updated on the go with
Gud riddance, dis commi n his ilk shud hv bn shown d door love ng back, better late den never, scum
Ola is the most  420 company for fleet owner,s , ola always deducted incentive, if you claims nothing to do, so maximum fleet owner,s attached with uber,
IS EICHER MOTORS STILL A LONG TERM BUY,GIVEN THE EXPENSIVE VALUATIONS?
This is really bizarre.
Huzaifa Khan,  loosing the charm by mentioning specifically. Always better not to aim at.
RC Bhargav a legend..daughter and wife look the same age
It is hitting new lows for the *greater good* as promised by our beloved PM.
Haha well ladies first Sukhna Chhabra it would a dream to meet her 🙃🙃
VAT and GST are must after liberalisation , also going to facilitate all manufacturer pharma to other industries -but sales people are the one who is going to get effected by the GST -no demarcation of sales is going to affect their sale by the predatory approach of the  bosses
India is a Hindu country :D :D :D
And no matter what she is here on her own, with her hard work and talente which u stupid and excusing people can never b. So yeah totally understand ur frustration.
Good one .  Nice to see this missing....the views expressed here ............and the channel do not subscribe to the views of the author..
Didnt Gandhi say that ..... eye for an eye.   I think ppl in Pak respect Gandhi more then in India.  Some thing is wrong with the picture :/
View on rbl bank can we buy at current level
rain industries !! green even when market in red !!
Sir middle class businessman; middle class family ke liye bhi soche. We have supported you from our heart and soul. But people are loosing hope in u. U are looking towards corporates; farmers; BPL people. But what bout middle class families.
Absolutely true
Nice to see ceo of google Mr. Sundar pitchai. It's a remarkable journey. It's a good move from google to keep indian as ceo because india is a huge market .
Whether service tax levied by banks  on petrol pos machines will be removed or not ?
hello I was at wokhardt hosp with dengue was cured nicely within 7 dates except for one dr bhagwati every one was good
Ccd below its issue price .. any gr8 deal ?
Akshay Gupta :D :D .... Pulkit Jain Viraj Shah Deepanshu Anand Shilpa Agrawal Piyush Jain .... since we were talking about it earlier
A brave lady. Learn a lot from her life. RIP
How will be psu banks next week...rate cut 25 or 50 ?
I have a doubt in today's budget. It says that tax rate for 2.5-5 lacs is now 5℅. Again it says that there would be no tax for income upto 3 lacs. How is this possible ? Any idea???
Indian express k alawa dusre media wale bhi hai bhai #samkhan
Muhammad Saqib Nawaz Saki then Ur excepting that u voilate ceasefire & also answer was given to u as u need to have by ur army
Nice illumination can do nothing but nice morality can do everything!
Good Comedy Show
When all this happened We have full sympathy for Sunil Grover.But now he is showing too much attitude. One thing must be noticed. Kapil Sharma had given full opportunities him during in his show.Mr Gulati had got much and much time on stage.credit must be given to Mr Kapil to give full chances to present Sunil,s talent. Now sunil thinks that he was God of this show.that is too bad. Whatever Kapil had done was wrong But whatever Sunil is behaving now it is too too bad.
Hi Anuj please share your view on UFO Movies is release of Bahubali is big trigger for company.
Dear all,,  Thank you for the support.  Kindly note our latest event with the FIA in Washington DC.  With trust, Dr. A Monica Dorhoi Chair of World Bank IMF Staff Meditation Club in Washington DC  [Updated] The Meditation Club meets with Fédération Internationale de l’Automobile (FIA)Foundation on Monday, January 11, 2016  Just updated … Thank you for inviting us, Fédération Internationale de l’Automobile (FIA)Foundation on Monday, January 11, 2016  Dr. Dorhoi attended on Monday, January 11, 2016 the Fédération Internationale de l’Automobile (FIA) Foundation reception at Marriott Marquis in Washington DC. She has previously worked for over 7 years in financing road rehabilitation worldwide. Dr. Dorhoi also works on both financing and managing risk in Formula 1 racing as part of the different financing requirements.  Thank you to Fédération Internationale de l’Automobile (FIA) Foundation for preparing and publicizing the progress made in the implementation of the goals set by the “United Nations Road safety in 2015”. The report was prepared by the World Health Organization.  At the event the book “Goals for change, partners for action” the Annual report of 2015 of the Fédération Internationale de l’Automobile (FIA)Foundation was also featured.  The report enthusiastically embraces the UN Decade of Action for Road Safety and the UN Sustainable Development Goals. To be more exact, the energy goals for development translated into a Global Fuel Economy Initiative in which the foundation is helping governments to develop global and regional programs, to find evidence of effectiveness at national and city level, and to bring in donors to support the national policies and initiatives.  In United States about 40% of the traffic related deaths were reduced in the last few years. The 2020 United Nations Millennium Goals in relation to road safety are to reduce the deaths due to traffic by 50 %compared to today’s number.  For Dr. Dorhoi the connection with the Fédération Internationale de l’Automobile (FIA) Foundation is blessed by her long time dedication to the causes of Ayrton Senna. The Fédération Internationale de l’Automobile (FIA) is the organizer of the Formula 1 racing championships and Ms. Dorhoi, an American living in Washington DC in last 15 years has been a huge supporter for over 2 decades. Dr. Dorhoi is one of the greatest fans of the much beloved Formula 1 Racing Driver Ayrton Senna deceased in 1994 in San Marino. “The tragedy truly marked me in an undeniable way.”  Dr. Dorhoi is also grateful to Alan Prost of France and Williams Renault for the sportsmanship after the loss of the driver Ayrton Senna.  [Additional information: Updated press release were disclosed at the event venue.]  Statement is posted at https://mdorhoi.wordpress.com/2016/03/12/the-meditation-club-meets-with-federation-internationale-de-lautomobile-fiafoundation-on-monday-january-11-2016/
Why undermine if we donot have the bigger pic understood. So wait before concluding
MHCB ( Mental Health Care Bill ) has so many lacune but Govt. Passed bill without hearing Indian Psychiatric Society..
Number of people purchased ShaRE  of Octant Interactive Technologies ltd......80%  transferd to Five X Finance  please intimate detail of both the comens
And not joining the BJP was a bigger mistake, but you helped in campaigning for BJP.
Non-physical banking transactions should be an option for General Public , Specially in country like India.
they have done great for making our country proud but if so much people and companies can give so much money to them then why they cant give to the poor people of our country who just die of hunger.....so much poor people are there in our country so why dont this people and company also donate to them...
Why they not invest this on Indian sports sections n make more medalist in next game..........
Dude be precised... Hard work in right direction... Otherwise it only deteriorates you developing into psychosis #Fact
Same I will die I am with you sir with my best wishes
Adrija Bose it's days like these that I miss having this on all day at work
Oh that's great. That will show to world how much respect China begets from N. Korea.
what will be short term target for Jindal steel and Power?
Mr.Manmohan Singh - from Flight  mode now to Vibrator mode !
128 in 20 overs ... Runrate around 6.5 ...KKR was always going to win it...Plus 48 in 6 overs is like chasing a target of 160...
Give some lakhs to the starving out of hunger nd poverty instead of overfeeding the ones who have
Whether the countries which are not officially secular, don't respect other religions ?
What an awesome idea and exposure for the kids! More power to them👍🏻
I just want ask one qestion..why M B As working as labor in coal mines of india
She was icon in herself. She undoubtedly etched the large space in hearts of people till eternity !
Shirish Kunder's tweet may have come as a reply to Chetan Bhagat's statement.
He is done his law also
CPIM does not have the numbers to get him elected from West Bengal. Left have 32 MLAs & need 39 to get him elected. While their friend congress has 39 MLAs. So this is the reason for his stepping aside..not because of some protocol/policy in his party. It is as simple as that..
Go ahead Mr. Modi, we are with you. Jai hind
Oh, we got a lot of penguin pinned down by capgemini india
Did you know?
There is nothing wrong or right .....it is the way you look at your own geomentry of the brain ....reorientation for  neil is recommended to fix is brain from the virus
Sensex would indeed touch 22,000.  In our opinion we are on a brink of a global collapse there will be a cyclical recession in the time period of 2016-2018.  Global events that will exacerbate the recession:  - IMF's Foreign Reserve basket adds Chinese Yuan to its Forex basket reducing Euro's contribution to this basket by a considerable 7%+ - Euro will considerable depreciate  - BREXIT - British Voters will actually vote for Britain to leave the EU - US Elections and it's uncertainty. - Crude Oil Glut - China Debt-to-Equity conversion  - Shemitah year of 2016  A Major global sell off should have happened on 2 October 2016 but as that is a Sunday on 3 October 2016, which is a Monday we will witness a global sell off and Global markets will correct in excess of 8%+   Targets in the range on 2016-2018 (All prices are in Rupees  Sensex: 18000-19000 Nifty: 6200-6400 Bank Nifty:8500-9000 ICICI bank: 110-120 SBI: 95-105  Google ""Shemitah Year 2016"" we are headed for the biggest blobal recession yet. You have the opportunities to either become rich or become poor.   Sit on cash don't buy anything right now. Until, we reach the above Targets, you should sit on cash.  Welcome to Shemitah Year 2016. Either you become rich or you become extremely poor the choice is yours the market has already dropped so much from 2014 that all gains have been wiped out and now we are in negative.
not able to compete and run business and now crying foul
But much better with porota...
running in losses since its start and still want investors to invest in their venture, its a doubt even in the coming three years if they report no profit no loss
Why there is too much paper work for getting loan??
The problem with we Indians is we only do ""kaddi ninda"" but when it comes to action we shut... either we are too busy pleasing the western states or too afraid of china..  I just dont understand y we are spending billions on defence if we cant protect our men .. shame
Right step taken against the bad activities going in UP........  Now time to change
This happened as a reaction when quran is safer than human being.
I am guessing a 4-6 % upmove on reliance tomorrow. What's your view ?
Journalism at its lowest.. Thank you Indian Express 👏👏👏
great please remove rahul and make this person congress head
I bought edelweiss at 36, should i stay invested or book profit
So other one tell me brother....tell me tell me never mind don't exited Bro
We love you Sonia and the entire gang!! However; we do miss Mitalli Mukherjee as well 😊; specially in the bull run
i love pizzasss .. Jubilant food 862 waz consilidation later it broked and rallied
Technically in which level in nifty bear market will come? I think 9400 so let's watch it
Requires a model with comfort of cruiser. Please reveal mileage
Look like a....
i too dont want oil at $80 but junk bund of oil companies are rallying like crude will reach $80.Though bond overreact.
Good decision by pakistan & soon pakistan will good bye to SAARC In Sha Allah.No more relations with india in any level be good for pakistan INDIA is our enemy for ever & show no mercy for INDIA.Because india is the killer of kashmiri generations.
I want Trump to win the election coz I am a Bear!
willfull defaulter. ....
If half of that much money invested on each player before the Olympics we can get many more medals. India is A huge country ..there is no reason we cant win more medals . We can be in top five if we have better infrastructure for sports.
3,373 villages electrified post PM's speech on Independence day in 2014!
@ArunThukral I am a long term investor. which is the best Defense sector stock that i can buy and hold
I HAVE 4 LOT SHORT SELL IN ULTRATEC CEMNT 4000 RATE WHAT SHOUD I DO
Why new name??? Pulsar 400CC ll be better.  Pulsar is a hit model and name too..... ""Definitely male"" tagline is superb and it's better than its new tagline ""The Fastest Indian"" !   Dominar is not as much punching than Pulsar !!!  Anyways Good luck....   NB: Its not at all easy n not a good idea to have a competition with the Mighty Royal Enfield ! :p
Iyogi employees need justice .. Most of the employees, even people in higher management have not been paid for more than 3 months... There are people who even feel to commit suicide now as they are broke..
My grandson Akshit Kumar Paytm Id 9915028477 transfered Rs.2600 to Deepika Kapoor Paytm Id 9872857393,Trx. Id 407385953. But notreached its destination even after12days nor refunded
Will Consuming almonds and a glass of milk help improve memory power
SS Rajamouli sir's imagination n creativity can gv a good competition to Spielberg....for sure
Over reacting....!!  Why should we reward them extra penny?  Just think, if we invest same amount for training we will get few more medals next time.
Step towards modern India. Happy to be part of  ICICI Group.
Great Lady. She could speak all the 4 major South Indian Languages as well as fluent in Hindi and English. As I heard she could even speak French and Spanish too. May her soul rest in peace.
Can anyone deposit 50,000 in my Jandhan account? I think there are enough black money with Govt. after demon.😜 -A True BPL card holder.
lupin corporate social resposibility of restricted only in few states of Rajasthan, Madhya Pradesh, Maharashtra and Uttarakhand---but they make business in all india
As always Brahmin work for noble cause.. Here is true & live example for it !!!
Market is going down as there is no trigger for upside left.demonitazion will have its casualties
She can be sold exclusively at a nearby florists shop 😂😂😂
I don't know on what basis people are comparing him with dawood. Like yogi is in politics for years now. You need some qualifications to be something. Dawood has nothing to do with CBI.  Dumb people i swear. First they vote for them and then they cry.
Are you seeing her age ? If my grandmom was to go to the bank I'm hoping and praying that people would have it in them to let her go ahead.
If a conspiracy, why suspended?? Should have waited for the investigation.
This bus race are pollachi to coimbatore route in tamilnadu
He should go back to SLEEEP
Rajnath singh plz submit your Resignation if you can't handle the situation.  Please
Rajnath will say modi will not go on nawab,s birthday know...
Song releted to love and sadnesss .......why they use for launch ????
No need of cleaning the floor.. ;) multi purpose gown. ;)
Enough of this!!!!
Here we see a non biased, non prejudiced journalist solely dedicated to reporting facts.   Keep it up.
I won't be surprised if 2017 Wud prove historic for Indian films at #Oscars Bahubali is indeed truly an international project and it has every material to win the oscars for the best foreign film .
I have tremendous respect for the Indian IT industry: Mukesh Ambani
56 million I guess? coz even the Buckingham Palace isn't that expensive 😂
Views on rane brakes..can  hold  for few months
.....dept of psychiatry is corruption bounded field ......ask your health professional , would they like to unhide the fact
What would you  say if the British still ruled annihilated most of Indians build a great nation and CNBC  would done a documentary showing off great progress of British empire interviewing the brits.... neglecting suffering of Indian.... who are in a ghetto may in Port Blair ...remember we have only got freedom just 60 odd years back and would the one whom we regard Father of nation  be proud of TV 18 network if he were to alive today ?
You are our INSPIRATION.  India will be No. 1. Country in your leadership.  SALUTE YOU N RESPECT YOU FROM BOTTOM OF HEART.
Kerala is the best in india . If u dont know that ask somebody who knows about kerala . Or browse in internet .... Dnt b sooo smart mr.
Before i use to watch Times now, but seems now they are biased and  the fun of watching of that channel is gone now
Wee Angelino on iTunes or Amazon or Google. Video on YouTube Mascot
in 6 days 7800Crore of index option buying by FII's. what are they buying or is it a hedging againts something big to come as it is Januarry??
Rumi VP frankly saying he has not given the verdict from SC of Pakistan. Hanging order's his given by military court and ICJ have no control on military court's for your kind information.
Good let's welcome new entrants since times are changing that too our Indian company
1)simple congress c.e.o (or ) BJP  ceo, 2)mistry followers or rathan followers  3)mistry ideas or text book ideas -tata  4)interest of the investors-consumers or interest of the master cook   5)egg comes first or chicken comes first ....television mega serial
#Thats_GreaT
Good news for the country. Traitor like him(CPM). should not be there. They have enough harm to WB and India.
Saw Bahubali 2..... nice  movie
What about  dhoni... Even it is an international event... Dont bark dogs... This is the problem of  our sports management
What about oh my god
but hcl info tgt 76 till 1st week of jan
What's wrong with Audis and/or Audi drivers?
Any good buys among public sector banks apart from SBI?
Awwww congratulations to the lovely couple!! Definitely a dream come true for the two of you 😊
please advice about Bank nifty & how the NPA will benefit for PSU Banks ?
Dear all we salute Mr.Narendra Modi Sir the words witch has Promise Before Election Black Money Non Tax able Amount will be Banned. The same has proved by Our Daring Real Horn able PM. Mr. Narendra Modi Sir. and also we hope the except no one can do and vont do except. Horn able PM. Mr. Narendra Modi Sir.
cinema took around their character very wisely nd roudram...
No Repulican took him seriously No one really supported him still he made it
Where do you get your wring information from PM Teresa May states Brexit is Brexit  she is going ahead with the wish of the British people only the USA election is rigged crooked the whike world knows even Egyptian TV states its rigged
Kumar Sambhav pak soliders didn't killed ur soliders.. if if they were to they had to just put a bullet in their chest. This what happened was not done by ours soliders, this is something that even animals can't do, i don't know what u think of us but atleast we are humans.... And by the way i am deeply inspired by ur feelings for the victims of APS school attack...!!
Wipro IT services revenue up 1.6% at Rs 13,402 cr vs `13,196.1 cr (QoQ)
Hi Soniya Any Special News Announcement in Jet Airways ??? Stock is going in Jet Speed in today's Market.
Launch veiled attack? This is what a democratic party looks like
Response response fuc*ing respose we r listening n just listening we are waiting badly for this response from long long time from coward indians...
She is working good with BJP. She will rescue all who stuck in AAP or Congress or any other party.   🙏
after the rate cut v usually see realty stocks rally but there was no reaction on thod a counters any bite on that
When are we ready to welcome Nifty at 9000 and then 9300!!
Anuj, what is the reason for BHEL to move up from 120 to 160 levels? Is there a chance for us to book some profits here?
However defence got a good salary hikes by this pay commission
First of all Baloch peoples must be allowed in your project. India is already involved in this project because POK is nothing but integrated part of India
If bjp wins in mcd then there is no comes in any change in MCD . please give ur vote to see the the ten  years work of bjp in MCD . if u think there will no work in MCD any party come then why we give one chance to aap in mcd
Hi Sonia do u have new notes of 2000 rs.
Akhilesh was already in Contact with Congress and JDU for an alliance in UP polls.
As cnbc said earlier she is one of Asia's most powerfull women
The company should be held responsible and should pay for the loss of the people's privacy.
If cows are stolen then what should NDTV expect that people should bow such  raskels?Mean minded TV channel always say that they are cow rakshak when all villagers take part tv channel still want to blame.NDTV is one fashion working blame hindus as Modi is hindu
How is HP Electric Power ipo ..Will it give good retuen ..Want to know ur views
Tell to to REVENGE....We r the 5th largest army in the world.... Can't we handle bloody naxals???
its so nice to read this, everyone understtod this before me.
I had been modi place asked them to revert... kick hard they stop.. but i am not modi
Great! I love my PM... Oppositions disrupt both  Rajya Sabha and Lok Sabha ...and expects PM to reply on every issues in which they think they can take political mileage and are making unnecessary propaganda.
Dr Mitra's arguments are reasonable and credible. Anyone disagreeing with him, please argue against his arguments and not his politics.
Why all sectors doing well...but Real estate not performing ? Even after smart cities announcment
Well Priya Mehta ji. Sorry to make you furious. I am not the sexiest. I think u were trying to say sexist. I am not. I know your feminism took a hit i guess. Anyway i dont know when this discussion became a girl vs boy argument. For me she is not representing India. She is there because of her talent not because she is from India. Sachin used to play for India in the Indian National cricket team so he does represent India exactly like Saina Nehwal or PV Sandhu or Sania Mirza when they play for India in a tournament where countries participate. Otherwise they are there cz of their talent
A must watch movie, art of story telling and the character representation is just amazing. Creating a history to present it to the mass of people with expectation is the achievement.
Oh my boy its so funny
Is this due to the recent bold  steps taken by mr mists
O we are thinking BJP is targeting you because you are Dalit.
The accused has been identified as Rajpal.
Jio prime members to get bouquet of Jio Media services till March 31, 2018: Mukesh Ambani
This is the limit of barbarism. Why the hell Indian Govt. is not shunning off the Indus Water Treaty.! Why we are not taking any immediate strict action against these goons ! Pathetic it is
He is the reason for this fellow to become powerful. Now what is the point in regretting?
Time for retirement or shift Pakistan to develop communist cadres there !!!
FALSE NEWS
Some parties would come to know what can happen when there is will there is way
★★★TIRED OF BEING BROKE ★★★  $3,000 - $4,000 per month‼️ No Experience Required‼️ Training provided‼️ Benefits Immediately‼️ Get Paid Weekly‼️ For more info🤔🤔🤔 ✔️Friend Me‼️ ✔️Inbox Me‼️  ✔️ www.CoolMoneyMethod. com‼️
Seriously after all this if the bike turns out to be below expectation iam worried about that
Well said, Rahul ! We need more voice from you.
They will highlight  1. GDP per capita  2. Livability index  3. Brain drain
who is dumb 10 yrs on corruption and scams......big joke....
CGST, IGST, Compensation & UTGST laws will need parliamentary approval: FM
105 years ago EngLand made less than 100 runs in first innings against south africa in 1905 THEN PaKistAn done it now; superb PaKiStaNi team
Politics is the dirty game. And all places see mostly corruption and discrimination in India.
Prashant Sharma  yes I keep forgetting that there is no democracy left after 2014. In our country women is reportedly raped in every 15 mins. No one is taking action against that.
So Bahubali released on this beautiful day. So it's got the blessing of Lord Shiva it's an eternal movie nothing can take its place.
Where is the Nifty headed too ? Post Rbi policy
Ofcourse. Pak produces JF-17 & missiles for #Ind needs and deserves :-P
emerging out of the wall street bail out, today IT bail out cant be carried forward.
closest ally of argentina -brazil ,uragual , paraguay ,venenzuela, u.s ...so hero can sell in those countries ---> ""better not too late hero motors ""
Wish you great years ahead .  Happy Diwali Ratan Tata
Well deserved.  Truly, She is a legend.  😊
he told me straight away he shall not sign my mediclaim bills till as per his satisfaction thanks to Stanley menses he sorted out my diffrences an put sense I dr bhagwati  so I was disharged
Enough of such gau Rakshaks and its sympathisers. I'm having beef right now and if i ever get a chance, I'll feed beefs to Gau Rakshaks too.
Can u pls give view on IRB infra for new series target
Hi sir !!! Hope u r doing well... can you suggest on indiacement...can I buy with the current value
Remain invested in 30 index stocks until 2025 since market is bull as told by Naik, CEO MD, General Atlantic at World Economic Forum.
✔India's No. 1 Work From Home Job No Investment Required, 🕚Only 2-3 hours working and earn ⏩Rs 500 - 1000 per day. Totally Geniune.  We need serious candidates,Type ""JOB"" and send on this WHATS APP number +918444867178
💥India's No.1 Home Job💥 🌟earn money without any investment 🌟multi level networking  🌟work daily 2 hours per day earn rs 500 to 1000rs daily 🔥life changing oppurtunity ✍type ""JOIN"" and send to my whatsapp no +918444867178
Kudos..
Oh come on Karan Johar has introduced 13 new directors to Bollywood. So what is Kangana's charge of nepotism about ?? Kangana is mostly right when she speaks. But she always gets carried away..
wockph arma is not looking in good condition....you can sell its future....and wait
Haha.... Soon you Pakistan will see real lesson of surgical strikes.... Just wait and watch.... Before 2020.. I bet ur PM.. Nawaz Sharif.... Will on his foot and will request mercy.. Note down this... In ur memory.... Mark my word.. We will hit hard.. Very hard.....jai hind...
Congress stands good chance.
We want a revenge on Pakistan....Take it serious government #defenceminister #PMO OF INDIA
Yes. Anna saved AAP from becoming fake like him. Thanks Anna.
First block citizens money in banks, second banks have ample money, step 3 RBI increase CRR, step 4 RBI gives massive loan to govt from the accumulates reserves. so 1 rupee from ur pocket becomes billions for the govt.
Crude will it touch $60 in Dec
SM Krishna will hide any where
“The entire community is terrorised (by the attacks by cow vigilantes).”
Kerala beef fry is delicious with rice cake...
Very good interview amit Mitra has very clear that situation is very Grim day to day trade is in bad candition  sorry please defer G S T for sone more time big industry must no insist now for GST
Last month, Tata Sons had called for an extraordinary general meeting (EGM) to remove Mistry from its board.
""I assure you that we will come out with more intent in Bangalore""  - Virat Kohli
You guys are doing a great job .,, keep it up !!!
Hi Anuj I had jindal steel at 66 before two month now what to do
After very long time people cry by hearts for AMMA....
Pls share this page on your timeline so that we will connect with more peoples   https://www.facebook.com/HHSUPPORT/
Now people will start trolling bill gates will start  saying he is a so called bhakts.
Arpit Bardiya they think rajnikanth thought of reviewing baahubali. Little did they know that Prasant Maheshwari told rajnikanth to do so.  #thunderstealer #RealGod
Future consumer long term an Sir Aditya birla fashion retail
Really Good initiative by Govt.of India, but what about the BIG Businessman... it should affect them in first place..and then all the Political Leaders including BJP. If they all converted the money into $ already then again poor will be poorer ..rich will be richer..
Omg 😲 relax just an opinion 😝
Anyone investing in equities - if this bike launch is for real buy bajaj auto in dip 😎
The one whom you are saying to bark, seems to be a senior person. Have some respect!
First take care of turkey and give freedom to Kurds and then preach us on Kashmir.  Your​ preaching not required....you are a guest and behave like one..... Don't try to poke your bloody nose in internal issue between India and Pakistan.
And ,, he will give 10 Times better performance in another next movie..., then 15,....
Equity will see more participation as interest rate cut would affect fd and bonds
RANVEER’S SPECIAL PLANNING FOR DEEPIKA ON VALENTINE’S DAY!  http://www.report24hours.com/latest-news/what-is-ranveer-planning-for-deepika-on-valentines-day/
Best of luck go to Banglore
One of the best thing is GST council which contains all the Finance Minister for State and Union Territories Legislative Assembly , the most federal form where union and state working together in the best way possible !!!
Expect to reach 30 kms/day of road construction by March end: Nitin Gadkari
Whether they win any medal or lose, every olympians should be treated as same.
Yes, if it is from South, it must go to nation, but not the other way around.
Voting good  work
But it produces terrific terrorists which China protect very well.
Terrorist right . How com pak get into indian border to install a trap? All are false allegations from BSF (tale aik hath sa nahe bajtee)
Hehehehe victory 👞
And in India each and every place , city , town, village and state has wright to be grow.
you are not disabled, you are adorable.....
Good information but you omitted to mention Cong,sp,BSP, TMC, JDU etc etv
Shocking but UK steel fiasco could have rightly been one of the reasons. But wonder if there is honestly a real successor to Mr Tata. And issues like this could have happened too with The Big Man around himself.
Kejriwal is a great person who is daring to face the allegations of opposite.  U should be proud to Kejriwal and work for his party strength.
anuj u r amazing keep going😊 I follow you  every day 8 am onwards
If pak army enter 250 meter alongside thn wher were Rendian army
Thanks guys for your inputs and have a great weekend. This was an expiry week which took everyone by surprise
There are no poor people suffering .. the people are suffering are them who got crores of crores of rupees in black money..
1.36 for non abs and 1.5 for dual abs exshowrrom delhi brilliant pricing
Don't dived by religion, we most ask its our right don't abuse
Tigor will be in showrooms post March 28: Tata Motors MD
Erodgan is nothing but junior Modi...two brothers lost in a mela..unofficial dictators..
💥India's No.1 Home Job💥 🌟earn money without any investment 🌟multi level networking  🌟work daily 2 hours per day earn rs 500 to 1000rs daily 🔥life changing oppurtunity ✍type ""JOIN"" and send to my whatsapp no +918444867178
What was done by Congress. Issue was never resolved by Congress. Now time has come to have war now.
🐹 G👦 ?    :o You are Handsome (y) and Beautiful ;) But :p i am More than You :v 3:) => Buy Bot ╭∩╮（︶︿︶）╭∩╮ MUHAMMAD FAISAL HANJRA ^_^  => :v <3 Visit Bot Site: studyofcs,com  <3
Only difference is salary addiction is out of necessity whereas other two may not be... But agree all three r dangerous addictions to the life.
Do not expect a drastic improvement in India's exports: Commerce Minister
Great sir,under your dynamic leadership power sector is becoming very strong.
On Kick off of Cyrus , Once can watch Buy Tata Global Beverages Nd Indian Hotels. Best time to enter interms on Valuations.
Problem is peopl telling moral do not folow it themselves:-) i anyways do nt beleiv in media totally bt wonder why do bhakts do nt ques govt to mak media accountable!!?? Is it for thr own benefit??
High tech very stylish and powerful bike!! 👍👍👌👌#Bobber price is slightly on the higher side ie 9 lac + but it's worth buying !
We are educated people let us think beyond let us think globally let us think on terms of peace
As per RBI guidelines. The name of a customer is not important while transferring the funds through net banking.
If anyone has seen nat geos inside bsf (indias first line of defence) episode they would know that any infiltration is next to impossible they do ground level patrol as well as use thermal tech nd satellites nd various other tech to watch over the border...then how come pakistani soldier came nd attack wid open fire causing alot of sound mutilated their bodies nd left without a scratch where as there is heavy military on the border always nd both military enters  each others bordet for patrolling with white flags showing their intention... in feeling bad for the martyrs but this statement from government is fishy
Ya u need to c before 2019 we do t wait until then
Can any telecom sector stock be a mega cap company in 10-15yrs?
Hi hi
What about the loss we were facing due to fake and black money ?
last 3 years I am your  customer but last 1 year you increasing only promotion or taking awards , In 1 year I face so much PROblem ... 1   ..  cashback does not track   2nd  ,, if i file missing ticket then track lower amount , after wait 3 months months they said cashback not confirmed through retailer  ,  ONE reason or generated  you say merchant not take any missing report ,    FIRSTLY focus on given cashback then other things !!!!!   shloksinghal1@gmail.com   , 9716153394
AAP wr support u
Reliance down from 1450 to 1390. Is it a good buy at current level ?
Good to have Deepan , about tata global beverage and Ujjivan finacials
Why cant bjp nd its supporters ban leather industries which use cows nd which are owned by hindus or muslims
Modi want to spread hindusm n he know that yogi Adityanath is pure hindu saint... RIP BJP
Make more solar power plants in our country that's good...because that's green india....
@Prateek Chaturvedi you should first become a voter than comment on someone
to some extent she is right
Is that not against secularism?
The person who is telling that Indian bsf is so and so I like to tell him .for your PK bsf. Our local cizitan itself inaf so don't tell about my Indian bsf coz history says you have never won and you will never win this is true and accept it and you people won't have that much daring to fight front ley so don't ever dar to comment any thing about Indian army jai hind
I am living in dubai and here majority Indian also some Pakistani friends appreciate modi but media always against modi why she reem madam?
It was a complete set up by bjp government to show  turkey president what is going on
As an employee of Reliance for the past 22 years I so proud of this movement after achieved Jamnagar and Petroleum Retail Project completion
don't need your certificate bcz we have separated Bangladesh remember and that's our achievement..But how can you believe your army their is no such example than a coup in country....
Shashwat Gangwal The pod is finally in India. Isn't this what you suggested for the immigrants in HULT case
Hahaaaaaaaaaa epic comment bro
Manmohan  singh   ha ha ...  someone else 's mouth piece   has guts to speak..ha ha
CNBC YOU MAKE MONEY EVEN IN SIN ---RAJDEEP ""SIN MONEY MAKER""  TO PAY MEDICAL CAPITION FEES FOR IS CHILDRENS AND GRAND CHILDRENS
My assumption is there is breakdown and i feel we might see February levels. considering FII out flows and demonetization. What is your view?
Hi I have 500 Shares Donear exit or wait. Position @62.50
But it was a very sharp attack on karan
Hi  Is there any reason to hcltech fall with 20/-
WHO WILL WASH ? ......COME ON SURF ...DO NOT SURF OUR BRAIN .........WITH YOUR OLD   DRESSING CODE .....WE ARE TARZANS
Leave alone the passengers inside? Seriously, who is the editor for the Social media news here? Please, ask him to go back to basic grammar again!!
500gms for Married women, 250 gms for Unmarried women, 100 gms for men. Further,Legitimate holding of jewellery upto any extent is fully protected.
read the same quote -2 years back  ......brany  let have beer  man .........refresh the summer with carlberg beer in virgin airlines
Black money is now incresed rapidly in the form of 2000 rs note which is not neeeded
Fake man in the sky say what? @Tyler
WOULD HE EVER PAY.......? IS THE QUESTION ALWAYS.....? CAN YOU RECOVER FROM GOONS....? HOW....?
i am micro investor, i have portfolio in bank, NBFC,Pharma, but all are down, which sector is good to enter in this kind of situation ?
Insurgencies have a cycle.from low to high.u cant defeat it wen people r  supporting it.
Manisha we were the only one bullish on crude oil spoken to your sister channel snbc bazaar @32 for 80 to 100 percent returns, topped on Google search with Brent oil Appreciate...Happy 2017 ahead
Whether this the best time to invest in yes bank..
Buy gold/gold mining stocks that's the only way to financially benefit from this event. I have already put in my order 🙏🏼  Gold will rally to $1500 -$1700 on back of Trump election
Let me guess.  Those accused must be the Khans of Bollywood. The only meaningful statement in your comment is ""GREAT MOVIE BAAHUBALI"".
Going to haj on Government subsidy & Tax payer's money   is development ???Idiot
Your prophet Muhammad allowed mutilation of bodies of his enemies. Know your pisslam
Oh my god!
When you believe that Vikaas was on the way and then he gives u this!!!
Kind , honourable minister ,helps large heartedly to the needy People.
URGENT URGENT  URGENT 💰 * ```Online JoB ```* 💰 ➖➖➖➖➖➖➖➖➖➖ *🔰 💯% Genuine* *🔰 Zero Inverstiment* *🔰 1$ Join Bonus* *🔰 Make 1000-15000 Monthly* *🔰 Redeem Through Bank & Recharge*  ```Anyone Interest Msg Me Type your name and job``` ✅  Whatsapp ▶ *9749890410*
A : Ask your citizens or any school children instead of asking foreigners for advice.  1) Phase out use of fossil fuels. 2) Extensively use Solar Panels. 3) Water harvesting structures. 4) Introspect Lobbying by Petro & coal industries. 5) Ban plastic on products lesser than 10 rupees. 6) Improve Infrastructures, Public transport, increases taxes on private vehicles by 200%
Who is he ???????????????
Thank you very much for making us proud. ...to both the lady..
Buy JAYBARMARU (Nse code- 1708) @ 363 targets 410 within a month probably.
I have 100 cairn and 100 vedanta so what is effect of merger on future of this shares
Don't you realize Indian forces terriosm in Kashmir? How many thousands Indians forces kills in Kashmir ? How many people Pakistanis forces kills Kashmiris?  Feel d difference  Who is terriost Indian forces or Pakistani?  Anyways Pakistan have more terriost attacks then India . Same you blame Pakistan. Pakistani Blame India is behind Pakistan terror attackes.  Use mind , War is not solution.  Only peaceful dialogue is solution.
ISI doesn't require but actual Baloch peoples are in search of help
Happy Birthday!
Hina Mehmood ki jal bhi rahi hai aur fatt bhi rahi hai ishe acha hai tu apna ilaz karwa le bhosasike  &  also kutte ki aulad...
Please remove this news post..its really hurting many people in TN.
I will say LED bulb distribution scheme should go upto villages too
#CNBCTV18 and #BajajAuto Manvendra Sengar i am out! lemme know if the bike was worth this aaaaaaaaaaaaaaah aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaah
#ENTERTAINMENT | Wish #AnnuKapoor with us, on his birthday!
home alone never feels the pain ...watch kevin in home alone
We are currently constructing 22 kms/day of roads: Nitin Gadkari
I am gonna wait for 3 days 4 our PM to react Else we should react
For a farmer if he had saved the money for his daughter marriage then how he will convert all his currency?
Kirloskar ferrous industries ltd allotted shares @ 10/ each later send s stikkers of  5/ to share holders and reduced the prices........then shares must be doubled in Quantity
If this fellow have spine let him face elections and win loksabha seat instead of entering parliament via back door.
What about Shivaay???
Wow this idiot wants to ask question and answer by himself
#ERROR!
This ia not good. This is the name which most of the people had not heard before he became thw president. Juat one day befone the final declaration of the name how come Mr. Modiji's name replaced by Mr. Trump. It is a night game which time Magazine has played with Mr. Trump.
Cess on motor cars & motor vehicles principally designed for the transport of persons (other than those for transport of 10 or more persons, including driver) including station wagons & racing cars capped at 15% ad valorem
It seems to be fake news. Media is trying to divide people.
Part time online job without investment  Most important job for Facebook expert  Earn 15000-25000/-month  Open play store  Install champcash mony free app Sign up with champcash  Refer id-12935304 Install 7-8 apps in the champcash and start online work
PAKISTAN'S are always on right way.indian gorvenment kill his army soldiers and just blam on PAKISTAN'S ARMY.indian media publish fake and baseless news under the stress of his government
Any idea whether BHEL will cross the resistance of 160?
Can markets crash an tumble or not it we should go bullish
Modi ji and his govt. Busy in winning elections only, forgot his works
Tough fight expected in 2018 Assembly elections.
How would audience get all the fun ?
Salute to u mam
Docomo case, decreasing turnover, his more focus only on tcs
Very well said
is it the good time to buy JSW steels share ? short term basis
Nice
I meet u thru cnbc tv 18 daily more than my family members
From past 10 days I have been typing here Markets will fall
Just blind people's are 't oppous to rooling party and PM....SO SAD....SO BAD...
Fake news
Editior is not up to the level of a National Newspaper...
Plzz all do watch ,😍
Soldiers creating songs, your soldiers can do that well only. Keep creating
9 sets of rules and regulations needed to be approved by council: FM
Himachal high court also banned our very old tradition of buffalo fighting event in dussera.. Dont know why court want to show its superiority..instead it should ban killing of animals in slaughter house
Sonia - Any suggestions on bankibg stocks considering increased bank deposits?
Anuj sir please ur 2 yrs view on delta?can it become multi beggar
Ad
So cool!
Nifty below 8550 , indicates a down move maybe coming
Remove article 370 to end terrorism
The sad part is that AIFF (Football Federation) is paying 5 lakhs each and the the most richest sporting body in the world BCCI isn't paying a penny ..  Just sad
So other one tell me brother....tell me tell me never mind don't exited Bro
Sports  persons  winning titles and medals deserve reward and appreciation. But uneven distribution  of public money is not healthy. Govt should make a standard policy fot encouraging winners at national and states  level
🇺🇲️ following the elections at 1 am from college.. such an amazing day.. this is the real mandate.. AAP is shown the mirror.  #DilliKaFaisla
congratulation ERA
Please ignore machiwala comments just agitating u all people ....ignore
Sir, we all the sensible and cognigent want Mr. Raghuram Rajan as the RBI Governor.
India is not join because India have already many mega project which is greater than cpec for India (like direct trade with other countries and make in India project.....and India have not much profit in cpec )
Has Tata Motors bottomed out? Any surge expected from here?
main stupa is not damaged, only few houses in and around stupa are damaged
I heard Mizos keep thier homes and surrounding very clean... It's there in their DNA
TCS Q3: $ Revenue up 0.3% at $4,387 m vs estimates of $4,382 m
As government was running out of nationalistic issue, this happened
I guess, they are among those 1.3 billion. I guess, I am not sure though.
I am surprised to show your pain in election time...It prooves that you are a member of Bjp..
Months before the civic poll dates were announced, the BJP had sharpened its focus on PMC and PCMC.
What has URI attack got to do with this, why are you people hell bent on protecting criminals?
Lolz 90000 soldiers surrendered in Dhaka. here is the video. U still need evidence. https://youtu.be/wWkMy-89JNs
I regularly watch CNBC-TV18. This TV Channel is a hub of optimism. Keep it up.
State will prosper like Gujarat did under prime minister Modi ,
Byyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyeeeee india!!! Bangladesh Wins by 5 wickets. ASIA CUP FINAL - 22 MARCH PAKISTAN vs BANGLADESH
With due regards to all of you, very few person really knows the matter on the fraud committed by the Congress party, established by an English man and with Gandhiji, Nehruji and Patelji at its helm of affairs. Very few person, even judges and well known advocates do not understand that continuation of British enacted laws(like Cr Pc, Civil Procedure Code etc. all), passed at the London Parliament in our statute book is nothing but bestowing legitimacy and accepting illegitimate British occupation of India as rightful and legal. Very few people would agree that instead of celebrating Independence day as a day of festivity, we should observe it as a day of national shame.  Friends please note that we are still a dominion of British as per the Indian Independence Act, 1947, passed at the London Parliament read with Section 147 of the Constitution of India.
nice job by mumbai indians
Gaurav Patil domestic media worry about domestic issues.
Such observations
Arn""t bullocks family of cow
BEML shares are rising now. I have 1000units of BEML is it wise to invest further or should I hold on to the same units.
Truth is bitter Good job Kangana
Frank Lopez.  Christianity is the established religion in these United States of America.
take manmohan to usa obama ji
Idea of secularism in India these days against the idea of secularism.
Hello people.. did you all read everything..? It's says President of the Divided States of America...not United states of America...🤔🤔🤔
Then no more Hebrew spoken  in America.  This creature is an evil instigator.
Everything by force in a democracy is a wrong one .
Mitesh very nice learn about how to stand by in market
Pseudo-seculars will not support UCC & FP.
Either they are running out of news or tech toyz
ARE ANY OF THE AVIATION STOCK CAN BE A PART OF PORTFOLIO FOR LONG TERM?
With his consistent high performance, Modi has set a very high level for P.M.'s post. Can his rivals for P.M's post  in 2019 measure up to this level.As of now they are just loose cannons.
I believe  respect  each  others  views. .😊
I'm sure they get laid good and can easily get a govt job after they retire and then there are those who make money by selling alcohol and other cheap canteen stuff at high prices. Based on performance they get medals too!
GDP and population are growing parallel. Our nation needs to focus on population and job opportunities to all. This may be perfect solution to make our country best in the world.
rain industries !! green even when market in red !!
Real thought will be revealed......😅😅😅
Go beta dhoni is waiting ....
BCCI confirmed that the Indian police arrested three people in Kanpur suspected of illegal betting during Gujarat's matches against Delhi.
Yes... Wolves are scared of the Tiger. Good work Modi.  When people are jealous of you. That means you are progressing.
Its a remake of the first ever cafe racer built by the first ever motorcycle company. Heritage counts a lot here
Not to stay in power, but for development, all these issues r important.We must protect cows at any cost.
how Pakistan army caught them?? Pakistan army cross border?? or they came here to Pakistan?  the most lier nation is ENDian.
Lol
By the time you recover your capital , this sonia will be as old as sonia gandhi.  Lolx
May god give u long life.. so that I can live peacefully
lal killa which you host your flage don't forget us we Turkish build and no one copy that haritage
it will be extremely difficult to make india a cashless economy in one go.. but you know what... as difficult it may be... it will become one day.. atleast we will push for it...
400 cc and 148 top speed with 35 ps??? Bajaj is kidding😂😂😂😂
Perks of living in 'two states'. :P Hyderabad is awesome
who said this.
What are the prospects for the Auto and Auto Ancillary sectors for the H2 FY17?
gujarat in the west-what a thing  and manipur in the east what a disaster?sigh!!!
lot of analysts and institutions like Lupin as their choice in top 3.. but the stock is stuck forever in 1400 range... and now in 1300.. ur view pls
Good job uncle
This bike is Gona b great...di issue will b aggressive pricing hope don't compromise with quality
The situation of west Bengal has become terribly communal. I am from west Bengal. We have witnessed a number of communal riots taking place where majority of Hindus were molested, beaten and muslim illegal Bangladeshi immigrants ransacked Hindus residents, shops and religious temple. Hazinagar, malda, chandanagar, dulagarh and a number of places where Hindus are being targeted yet. We are living under fear as mamta government providing full support to these miscreants. Local Bengali medias are not not allowed to show the current situation of west Bengal. We urge central government to look into the matter seriously or else West Bengal will soon become mini Bangladesh or mini Pakistan. Mumtaz Beghum government is arresting any media channel which is trying to broadcast these muslim riots where they are butchering hindus.  At present, there is no problem in proper kolkata, but conditions in rural & small cities far from kolkata is changing fast.. search in google about tehatta, hajinagar, chandannagar , khagragarh , kanning ,malda , murshidabad etc etc ....even bangladeshi govt is now accusing west bengal govt for providing safe house for bangladeshi terrorists
Question for Mr.  Prakash Diwan... For Pricol and Granules India
Nice write up. However, before concluding that no gains are in sight, let us keep our eyes open and look for the gains which are overlooked in this article.                                                                                                                                      1)This could still be a paradigm shift. Don't forget that currency has been growing rapidly in our economy. In the words of former RBi governer Subbu Rao ""going up by 15 percent year on year since financial year 2015/16, significantly faster than the trend rate of 10.7 percent over the previous three years.Even increase in e-transactions does not sufficiently explain this increase in demand for currency, suggesting that some other dynamic was at play. The Government’s surprise move was evidently in response to this uncharacteristic expansion of currency in circulation, clearly out of line with the pace of expansion of economic activity.""  This trend would definitely be arrested if the govt. is serious and continue its efforts sincerely. And the economy could see much lower cash in circulation.                                                                                                                                   2) temporary squeeze in cash is pushing many to move into electronic payments. Convenience and efficiency  will make them move away from cash permanently wherever possible.                                                                         3) With much less cash in circulation, black money locked up in land and gold would not be easily converted into cash. This could reduce the illegal activities too                                                                                                                        4) Lower land and apartment prices would benefit economy eventually                                                                                                       5)All the 12lakh crore reported to be put back into banking system has left a trail. Tax authorities can trace them and this could increase the cost of doing business via parallel economy.
Anuj do we still hold the same opinion in the liquor space ?
This is not our botheration . More such decisive judgements should come where the environment & climate change issues are involved . These damages cannot be reversed by any artificial means
Upto 2000 rs means ,is that only 2000 rs note ,?
I do.
Is there any economy globally  which can be sustainable forever
Why am I wasting my time on Bajaj Launch in NY.
Yes, the same Osama which was declared as no:1 terrorist and they say his body was rested in water and no one asked y??? .. if u desperatley want him and know the exact place, y dont India have him.
Hi  Is there any reason to hcltech fall with 20/-
Good working for BJP
CNBC agent, please zoom onto the screen , not these mf'in singers
Ur sttmnt is saying. If nt thn u r awesome.
Nice pic sir with ur son
AK has delivered on most of his pre- election promises and improved the lot of Delhi citizens, despite the Centre holding the whip through LG!
In india now launch bs4 bt the other countries are advenced from india
We are the doorstep of the 4th Industrial revolution: Mukesh Ambani
Yeah and u will decide for sm1 to what to wear and what not. Blockhead.
I am the biggest fan of PM -- but as  an indian i want to know why PM is not taking action against the PAPISTHAN?
You need watch part 1 asap so we can go watch part 2
India has grown faster than China for the past one year. China fudges data and is a currency manipulator.
Its gud anna did not join political party. However thr is a need political party like AAP.... baki mujhe ye samjh nahi aya jab bhi election pass me hote hai tabhi. Media wale mic lekr anna k pass kese pahuch jate hai..
Yes we are realy proud to say your my gear CM
Nifty will touch  life time high than will retrace
It is also necessary to make it mandatory for all commercial establishments to provide and maintain proper restrooms
MI all the way 😎
Tat will prove mistry wrong and this graph will be 2 times positive. Simple. Its all a game boss
🌊 Bot🙍 Powered😼 By🐱 Wajid😞 Punjabi8-| Mehar  🏨 See My Bot Speed 😽 ABP News ♥ c h α υ δ h r ψ s 🌹 β ο τ τ ε r ♥ 🏢 Tuesday : 2 - May - 2017 🏨  Like Back♥ ABP News 🏥  Comment Late  28 detik :)  🏪 Auto Comment By   Wajid Punjabi Mehar  🏯 🔎 Baby-Bot.tk 💡
Are you reporting or giving information. The details of the position of armed forces of India to someone
She is a  Hindu  then why her  body is  being  buried  ?
This results are good lesson for those left congress for power sharing with BJP
India headed by Namo & Co. perhaps does not deserve a governor like him.
Madam, what about parental failure to instil discipline while growing up ?
Where is Pharma heading from here after strong FDA actions...Some analysts saying Pharma bottomed out but it looks otherwise.
Navaratan Kumar bro it's better u stop visiting Istanbul from now onwards as it is unsafe and not gud for Ur health.  People who feel safe they only will visit Istanbul.
Only our luytens take this guy seriously.
Views on Motilal oswal financial for long-term I have 1100 share @ 512
Safari has to complete with Duster with 1600cc and 5 seater. No more politicians using safari as long before.councelore started using Innova and MLA's and MP using fortuner and above model. People are looking for high comfortable model always. Sumo ok to fight with Scorpio. Lot many Tata vehicle struggle to place it's brand properly. Till sticking with old indica platform makes people to look Tata look dull and old.look Marathi most of the brand looks different and attractive. Platform Design is the problem.
no 1 team hahahaha
yar tukey ka b koi high level statement dikha du ""Isolate Pakistan"" ke liye, wese tu ju b india aata hai, ""Isolate Pakistan"" ka narra lagta hai.
Police and CID demanding a bribe for passport verification.....is this true???
What is the target period for connecting rural roads with national highways
So your cool if I keep tagging you in the nonsense that they get upto? Providing sanitation is the governments job. They even have a minister for it
american dental association recommends the news for best dental care award
Congratulation to every person  who work for Bjp's  Winning
Funny guy 😂😂
Hat's Off to Shri Narendra Modiji PM India. EK BHARAT SHRESHT BHARAT.🌏
Sacked Delhi minister Kapil Mishra holds a press conference making more allegations against Delhi CM Arvind Kejriwal
Is there more down side...as u r expert on short term analysis ;)
In world there is all progress country not have currency more than 100
nice pic
Ramya krishnan anushka prabhas and of course rajamouli sir the real person to choose these artists loved every bit of the movie 👌🏻👍🏼
Seeing how we can use land held by AAI for airport development: Jayant Sinha
Right
Wish that he dies and indian Muslims don't treat him as a martyr.
Salute you Sir , at least you started waiting for the result 👍🏼
Yummy
Seeing a lot of investor interest in electric vehicles segment: Commerce Minister
No timeframe fixed for home delivery of fuel: HPCL CMD
Not Prabhas alone...credit should go to the team ...especially Rajamouli
Now you understand... what is the actual surgical strike is😂
I am looking for a job, a videographer. E-mail me to my mail for a constructive dialogue. videosportmoto@rambler.ru
Roma Jeswani- Sangeeta Kherajani i was talking abt this hotel
#MondayMotivation | Here's what the stars have in store for you this week!
Rohit Sharma felt there is no shame in reaching the final the hard way and lauded team effort after their six-wicket over KKR.
Congratulations many more to come.. haven't seen Anil Sanghavi Sir.. my favourite man of news channel...
Secularism has no meaning as Hindu majority guarantees secularism
we all wish  and pray for it.
We need more transparency in terms of cash transactions because still things not change
if they not involved in corruption ,and work hard for the welfare of our country then no one can stop them.
Should u invest now or wait for 2weeks or so ...
You need a Heart of Gold to pledge 75% of total earnings.. Kudos to AMN!
yeah that day i was talking about this tata suv
Open to JV with any entity who gives 100 acres of land to build logistics park: Nitin Gadkari
What about the daily serials hammering into the head of fantasies, irrational and unreal life situations, even sometimes portraying women as headless spectators [both sexes], or collaborators and masterminding criminal acts within families units. This is what is killing the Indian minds in many ways. Instead of educating the society towards realism, fake situations regresses the minds, taking longer to adapt reality into life, not mentioning creating opportunities and ideas to commit crimes. Then, maybe all this is just modern living....... a living room reality.Even amnesia appears to be a norm in Indian society, according to the soaps.
Pachauri is gone for good.Let the law takes it's own course.I just hope his message of global warming doesn't get diluted.
GST not applicable below 20l turnover is latest...why he is repeating old old stuff
Ayodhya land dispute: The court also suggested that parties concerned should sit together to arrive at a consensus.
«---->❤✔OMG✔❤<----»   🍄 Add Close •» ABP News   <3 Like Comment back <3   :o <3 EngBot.Tk <3 :o
Their are many things Rahul Gandhi don't know one thing is this the comment he made and another he is idiot and he will be and he will be idiot forever.
This move is like Mr. Narayan murthy coming back to lead Infosys for a brief period before Mr.Sikka was appointed
Happy gudi padva n happy new year to all ...
Great move to curb black money.. acche din has already arrived
If you have any queries, post it in the comments section!
People who'll held nifty and bank nifty if future and options will make millions
Railway & Highway being made into Unified Logistics Park: Nitin Gadkari
Ya n that's why communism has been obileterated from the world
Which cements Stock is best to buy for 4years timezone
What sense do u make of the rally in paper stocks ? Some have become 5-10x
VIDEO : #BuddhaStupa  नेपाल के भूकंप में सिर्फ़ वर्तमान तहस-नहस नहीं हुआ है, अतीत की धरोहर भी बरबाद हो गईं। काठमांडू से कुछ दूर वैश्विक धरोहर में शामिल स्वयंभूनाथ को भी काफी नुकसान पहुंचा है। पूरा वीडियो यहाँ देखें - http://goo.gl/fsfH6l
Mani Shankar Ayer seems to have lost his way with improper comments. He has now become a political zero.
Hi Sonia Shenoy I Bought 100 Shares Jetairways 784 hold or sale.
On Sunday evening, militants fired at Abdul Rashid Parray alias Rashid Billa at Hajin in north Kashmir
Instead of giving crores of prize money to them, you better invest on sports infrastructure.
This is all Modi's trick. He's trying to distract us from demonetisation.  Hahahaha
There is a point
We initiated a relationship between two countries here in Canada n they are developing it 😜
Because we live in a free country
Maxwell I feel sorry to know that considerable resources of the nation were spent to raise you into the filth that you are.
WHY? SO THEY CAN LIVE IN POVERTY ON SLAVE WAGES?
Yeah bro! This issue is already in the news since last week. Senseless governments! The money that they are simply giving away should infact be used to create more Sindhus and Maliks !
Check it.
boring
Dr. Subramanian Swami is one of those politicians who has strong will power and expert in taking good decision. Therefore he must be appointed home minister instead of Rajnath Singh in the favour of the country!!!!!!
How soon do you think, the 5G will go live in India and  the transformation to wireless and paperless workspace ?
What would br targets and when it will reach for Havell, asian tiles, amaraja,DHFL?????
BJP will get votes on the back of black money crackdown: Rahul Bajaj
How is HP Electric Power ipo..Will it give good return
What about reliance market? It is huge brand all over India and will it pickup
Govt is coward..its all mili bhagat of corrupt politicians to create distraction. And army along with public pay the price....its a old game
Janta ka paisa aa raha h tabhi malya jeso ke 7000crore maaf kar diye
Taste of your own medicine is always bitter!
We Are providing best web development services.  Please visit https://goo.gl/YpDBsP to view our realetstate portfolio
Good if crude prices remain in control and the Government does not tax crude heavily out of greed.
Ur views on jindal saw. Can it go up more
According to a joint press statement issued by the alliance partners, the SP announced it would withdraw candidates from Maharajpur and Kanpur Cantonment, Koraon and Bara and Mehroni.
oh God!!! what a pitiable condition in Delhi.These initiatives are okay and nontheless appreciable but moving to eco friendly means of transport and reducing usage of fossils fuels will be the best possible solution.
Good
Thanks CNBC / Sonia Shenoy. More sweetness in Speech than market action.
Interestingly, Aam Aadmi Party leader Arvind Kejriwal retweeted the video.
Nice
What is your view on midcap valuation? Can One start booking profit
It means that mob can RAPE anyone????
Do you think that we don't have person better than him? Too much publicity?
Not acceptable
PORTAL Centralized Public Grievance Redress and Monitoring System (CPGRAMS) Brought to you by Department of Administrative Reforms Public Grievances Government of India Home Lodge a Grievance Lodge ReminderClarification View Status Change Password Forgot Password Grievance Status Print || Logout Status as on 27 Apr 2017 Registration Number PMOPGE20170138574 Name Of Complainant anilkumarmishra Date of Receipt 14 Mar 2017 Received by Prime Ministers Office Forwarded to Ministry of Home Affairs Contact Address Room No 188, North Block, New Delhi110001 Contact Number 23092392 Grievance Description With Respectfully I draw Your kind Attention our Previous letter petition No 3655-2016Dated 17 Dec2015 regd on 30 Jan2016 Regarding Funding To Anti National Activists Through Black money Generated donation given to Masjids, Madarsas,By Mr Mohd Iftekhar A Tannery Owner Named Ruksh Group of Companies Having Regd office 50 A 150 Feet Road, Jajmau, Kanpur With support of Corrupt Senier IAS, IPS, IRS officer He was doing 60percent Turnover Unaccounted When i got acknowledge about this i have refused To Work with Them and demanded him my service dues Rs 25 lacs witheld with him Then He had told Me You dont know about me my sources i will give money to ISIS Laskare Taiyaba Supporters i will only give him a call They will Kill you and Your Family members my Approach is also in State and Central Government, i can with support of these officers you and your family members drag in Forge Criminal Cases Due These Persons ISIS Network is spreading in Uttar Pradeshregarding aforesaid payment of service Dues With Held with opponent , in this regard opponent had already got favoured report from police officers against my applications no 60000160001498 dt 06 july2016 in which they had said he had no record about payment kindly check his factory cc tv footage from 1may2011 to 4feb2016 caused Train accident at Pukhrayan resulted 152 deaths Recent Shajapur Train Blast In Madhya Pradesh,the same petition is still under process The state government officers were doing work under pressure of state ruling party for favoring to a special community that is harmful for nation the rest petitions regd with the supreme court of india having nos27185-2016,25786-2016,29120-2016,36158-2016,39872-2016,46886-2016,52989-2016,4153-2017, 6937-2017,7962-2017,10567-2017 as he had admitted my dues with Roc Kanpur Up against my grievance no dcoya-e-2016-00276 on 17march2016 the roc comments are Honourable Company Law Board has granted extension for repayment of fixed deposits till 30062016, company has mentioned that it will pay accordingly he is also defaulter of Central Government revenue i e custom duty and income tax service tax he always cheating central and state revenues with support of professionals and local officers kindly arrange to make fair enquiry in this regard he had also given me poison in cold drink on 7 july 2016 at 1035 am, i was admitted in ursala emergency 6 hours that was intimated in my statement to si rajveer singh ps feelkhana on24 oct 2016 Till The date no action taken by Local And State Police and Administrative Officers As My Application under section 156-3 with CMM Kanpur Court having Case No 6367-2016dated 25 june 2016 Is Still Pending in absense of detailed report called from S H O Feelkhana the Court had already issued Notice on 10Jan2017next hearing date28 march2017he had not submitted his report to the court due to pressure of opponent and supporting officers kindly order to lodge my case and provide me justice In this Regard I have First Time Given Statement To CO Kotwali Kanpur Nagar on 24 September2015 And Second Time I have Submitted 4 Pages Written Statement With 51 Annexures To SI Rajveer Singh of PSFeelkhana on 24 Oct2016 I had Also Written For My Service Dues To Labour Secretary UttarPRadesh Vide IGRSUP Complaint NO15164170012310 15164170008355 60000016000003, 60000016000006, 60000160000080 60000160000093,723,881,1713,1762,21315,22969,23765,24854,26712,27140,27922,28200 ,28306 ,28413 ,29197 ,29438 ,30399 40016416000920, 927,936,1100,1101,1134,576 ,3832, 4218 ,4319,4520 ,5397 ,40016417000323,497,634,688 ,725 ,812, 813 ,825 first they had made confusing report in favour of opponent in lieu some personal monetorily benefit at last he had transferred my applications for enquiry to R D L C Central on 13 feb2017 vide their Letter Ref No 3349oblicKR I further request You Kindly Transfer All My Applications To CBI LKO branch Current Status CASE CLOSED Your Feedback Poor Date of Action 25 Apr 2017 Details The information provided by you has been sent to the concerned agencies for action as warranted
Yes , dude . That price is like too good
It was extremely volatile to get into at any point on either side. But shall we still wait for bottom? And when should that be?
we all are humans and stop hate each other. if he as 3rd party can help why not to let him . look y r 3 rd world coz we like violence instead of solving by talks. i hope it will work
Thank you Naveed Shahid
Today cow vigilante attact muslim youth to death in Assam & to divert the news they are showing unbiased news..
With the presidential elections around the corner, talks of opposition parties coming together to upset the ruling BJP-led NDA have gained momentum.  At a gathering on late socialist Madhu Limaya’s 95th birth anniversary here yesterday, opposition parties discussed the possibility of forging a grand alliance by burying their differences to challenge the BJP in the presidential election. The opposition believes that a dent to the BJP’s chances of getting their man of choice appointed to the top constitutional post would come as a huge setback for the ruling coalition ahead of 2019 polls
BREAKING: Indian railways ban him 😂
Love u Darling .its done now My Avi was with you😗😗
O:)  ρσωєяєđ ву Noor Azam Mehsood 🎀 [🔰] !! HAZARA -BOT- TEAM !! [🔰]  Owner (^^^) Noman Shafiq (^^^) Noɱɩ Bʌcʜʌ Oŋ Fɩʀɘ (^^^)
Which are the major players in  the Defence sector in India today?
Do you think bank nifty up move is gona continue till this weekly expiry?
Need to corrected asap. Talent needs  rewards @ suitable time. Otherwise it moves other way around.
Is there a chance for big bear market as pe ratio is nearing 24 and we havent had a big bear market after 2008
""Truth shall prevail"" so much so that his wife is distancing herself from this.
I have question for prakash ,  how do you see navin fluoride at current level
TAMIL NADU GRADUALLY FALLING IN THE HANDS OF MANNARGUDI MAFIA
Only indians watch our movie unlike hollywood which are watched all over the globe
Sun pharma  despite  of good results  and buying  upgrade by a number brokerage  house the stock has fallen 7 percent  ???
LEAD APR SUSTAIN ABOVE 144 IS IN BUY FOR UPSIDE TGT 156-166-185 OTHERSIDE SUSTAIN BELOW 144 WILL IN SELL CMP 145.80
If they get even 50% of the money that have been announced, I would feel proud of my nation!!
Don't compare btw players they are both star of our country
that is true with USA policy @ philipine, Iran,Iraq are some example.
Women Auto driver...... women  to kitne saal se Auto chal rahi.... tmlog to aaj pata chala..... waaah
Have they actually received it...looks like these are all announcements...
Dear ramanathan we keralites know how to live in peace, please don't bother about us keralites that includes hindus, Muslims and Christians. It is the only state in where everyone lives side by side in peace except in some places where the sanghis play communal card for vote politics
Cn u explain d reaaon fr fall Mr. Sailesh Vora
whether food grain available in PDS ..please check that first
Super move. We are with our PM in this war against black money. Every one should think like a soilder for every right step by PM
y.   Indian Army band performs in Drass    WHEN WAS THE WAR FOUGHT?  The Kargil war, which commenced on May 1999, was announced after the infiltration of Pakistani troops and Kashmiri militants into Kargil district of Jammu and Kashmir and along the Line of Control (LOC). The intrusion into the area, that divided the Indian territory of Ladakh from the northern areas of the state, had come as a complete surprise to the Indian army and Operation Vijay was immediately launched to flush our enemies from the Kargil sector.   Pakistani soldiers    MASTERMIND BEHIND THE ATTACK  Pervez Musharraf, the then Army Chief of Pakistan, is said to be the brain box behind the attack. Musharraf carefully charted out the intrusion plan, without any specifics from the then Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif. He was supported and assisted by Leiutenant General Mohammed Aziz. It is said that Musharraf executed the plan while Atal Bihari Vajpayee had responded to Nawaz Sharif's invitation to Lahore and where the duo signed the Lahore declaration.   Conventional modes of war were used    MODE OF FIGHTING  Well-equipped with war weapons, both sides were prepared to launch attacks on one another. The 18,000 feet high-altitude battle in the rocky terrain was fought under extreme low temperatures, in a conventional manner, despite both sides possessing nuclear weapons. India positioned five infantry divisions, five independent brigades and 44 battalions of paramilitary troops to Kashmir and further deployed 60 frontline aircrafts.   Former Prime Minister Manmohan Singh with army and air force officers salute at the India Gate on Vijay Diwas    THE INDIAN AIR FORCE  On May 24, 1999, it was decided that the operation would be joined by the Indian Air Force (IAF). However, it was stressed that the IAF would not cross the LOC at any cost. The IAF launched bomb attacks on the enemy within its boundary. Tiger Hill, one of the highest peaks in the Drass-Kargil area of the state, became the focal point during the war. After a fierce war of more than sixty days, and with the support of the international community, India recaptured Tiger Hill and pushed the Pakistani forces back into its territory.   School children display a national flag over a displayed Indian army tank to commemorate the day    INTERNATIONAL RESPONSE TO THE CONFLICT  Pakistan's infiltration to India and the military clash were deeply criticized by many countries and attracted the United States' intervention into the crisis. As per a report in the Daily Times, a leading newspaper in Pakistan, India gained the confidence of the US while Pakistan 'lost its credibility in the eyes of both India and Pakistan'. The international community began building pressure on the Pakistani forces and threatened them to withdraw or face isolation. Russia and Israel also came forward to support India's stance.   An Indian Army paratrooper with a backdrop of Tiger Hill and Tololing Ridge at Drass as he comes in to land
Rightly said, no point of going back to the selection committee unless there is any clause !
why RBI has not revised CRR & RR? any specific ...
As Tusshar Kapoor will be busy shooting for #GolmaalAgain, his son will have gala time celebrating his grandfather #Jeetendra's birthday.
The International Olympic Committee (IOC) and Alibaba jointly announced a long-term partnership through 2028
Nifty is manipulated.  The expiry depends on option data. The late surge at the end shows shortcovering. I bet it is manipulated
Yes.. Dawood is not in Pakistan as Osama was also not in a very peaceful nation - Pakistan
Hi Nigel and sharmila can BEL reach 1600 before split on 27
#RajanOnCNBCTV18 - Well done Sir, a lot more hidden hands are clapping for you at the moment :)
Indian False Flag Exposed   The bad Beef between the Regulars of Indian Army and conscripts of BSF/CPRF recently can To attention . The videos by various BSF and CPRF about the conditions of soldier and inhuman treatment by their Officers had angered the Indian Army high Command .  As seen previous RAW can and will do what ever it takes to create a pretext to war or at least for the desperately needed international support in Kashmir. Lives of a few Dalit soldier won't mean anything for them.
Satyabrata Jena 1 more reason for u to keep quiet
..trying to get public 📢 attention for FREE publicity. ..
As elections are over, let us see the whole DEMONETISATION issue through the eyes of CHANDRABABU NAIDU Ji & NILKANJi (Conceptor & Implementor of ADHAR !! ) supported by Electronic Clusters in Central India infused with US's TRUMP CONSERVATIVE POLICY having eyes upon 2019 🌝✔
Hi Sonia bought Rel .Capital @ 575. Please suggest sold or hold
Its good right. Lesser worry of robberies. People who earn and never payed taxes will have to pay taxes. Its people like you who cannot overcome the simple discomfort you face. You need everything in your hand. Govt is not for that tho.
Tata motors?.. How much can it go?.. How is the mgmt restructuring viewed?
why Hind Sugar is not moving even when all other stocks make good rally ?
Even he knows that relationship between India and Turkey will help Turkey, Not Pakistan. 😂
columbus had no visa ? , vasco do gama had no visa ?......watch discovery channel
This is still palatable with the visuals going on ....
What's the view on Sunpharma and Auropharma? Can we see some big upside in April?
Aus media should learn to be civilized and sensible like Clarke!
Let's keep 500 as d highest denomination and this can happen only if the rupee value increases in d global market.. that way even 1 rupee becomes move valuable..
Yedyurappa . ? The one behind the iron oar scam?
I agree with Manmohon Singh sir, this decision of Modi sir is ambitious but the decision must be implemented well.
RCB going to win 😃
Dear mam or sir. ..I need a job.  Can u help me plzz .....in my house so mch problems pllz help Ill do any work
very very true....it's ""Business""...but it should be not at cost  of ""person's personal""...i suppose...
Pinarayi Vijayan is the only leader who dared to speak against Muslim clerics & Christian Church & Hindu castes while all the leaders were quiet.
true, former PM speaks true . and today he spoke all fact things.
This cowardly act has to be punished... RIP our brave soldiers
How can this be a great move when there are people losing there lives....good innocent people.  Totally not justied!
17May 2016 Todays profitable tips Syndicatebank jindal ashokley mothersonsumi Bankbaroda Jetairways Ashokley for more get regd. Soon To continue tips from TODAY onwards Get regd.@@3200 for 4months,@4200 for 6months,Else no tips,Contact+919943874224 & Earn daily 9k to 99k,Hurry up ***Market up/down no problem Earn Daily 9k to 99k, Q4 Results,Assembly polls session 919943874224.Get Regd @ Dailysandhyatips @ ETMARKETS.com, Dailysandhyatips @ moneycontrol.com, To continue tips from Wednesday onwards Get regd.@@3200 for 4months,@4200 for 6months,Else no tips Last date 15may2016. & Earn daily 9k to 99k,Hurry up
once again thanks on cent tex,  i have bought 10k shares of Grauer & weil, but stock is not reacting and remaining in the same zone, your view on this ?
Whats should one do with Sun Pharma? Its just going down hill day after day :(
Great movie. It represents our Hindu culture and provide aspirations for bravery.
If person is working hard for coming out from his depression but again and again he has to face same kind of situation then what are the solution behind this
Oh really. A great news. Peeps listen AAP receive hawala money😅😅
Achieved new fleet against all odds. Hearty respect to this brave  girl.
Better go and tell to Mayawati and Kejriwal first
Asrar Nazir....I spoke witg many Turks. Apart from, we have social media. He imposed Islamic law in secular Turkey. Backed ISIS by using Turkey as a transit for joinees worldwide. He is also working hard to oppress and disappear opposition....Modi didn't make any of these.
Many more happy returns of the day Bigbasket! Proud to be the part of this celebration!
मैं कहता हूँ मुझे एक वार permission दी जाये . मैं इन साले पाकिस्तानियों के सार काट काट के   डेर लगा दूँ ... मेरा खून उबालें मार रहा है ..  आप कैसे  नौजवान हो ....सिर्फ डोले शोले निकाल कर गुमने वाले ...  पेँचोद वो साले 2 4 कुत्ते पाकिस्तानी   हमारे फौजीओ   के सार काट कर ले जाते हैं .  आप भी  पेंचों बन जाओ आतंकी काट दो  साले पाकिस्तानियों को  ... गुस  जाओ पकिस्तान मे  लहू लूहान कर दो  पकिस्तान का ..खून की नदियाँ बहा दो   .. ......
I demand Padma Vibhushan for these Silver Surfers saved in TSuNamo
U r  awesome
Good State developing by  Telugudesham  govt vision leadership by Chandrababu Naidu.
He is not telling about aap he is telling about all party
Are we going to fight Pakistan on MEDIA channels only :-) what happened to MODI's 56 inch chest?
hi @sambit patra why india govt not taken any seviour action aignest pakistan....
why u r not supporting Rasilla's murder?.. Jishu suicide. Rasila is murdered   #RasilaRaju  #ExposeInfosys
Superb movie
There is a bigger scam all over India in issuing DL and RTO office is most corrupt. Mostly the jurisdiction falls under state and central minister can do a little. However can some legislation come in controlling RTO?
we have faith with jio, but network and data speed improvement is necessary
Did Tata group breach their own rules? I'm referring to the age bracket.
i cant trust bajaj people's sorry highly nt recommended..... :-@
Will the rate cut have any impact on the real estate sector? Do you see real estate stocks surge tomorrow?
How is long for Tata Motors? I am a student who wants to invest all my savings
I think pakistan is just instigating us to respond so that they can carry out the death sentence of kulbushan jadhav on a tit for tat basis.
Online smart work part time , JOB WITHOUT INVESTMENT , NO REGISTRATION FEE , Monthly payment , No target , No age limit , Work from home , Don't miss this Golden opportunity , Limited vacancy available , Working 2 hours per day , For more information whats app us on +919084695747
BJP. Can make India has developed country pls   vote BJP
Lets hope Pakistan does not do any foolish moves for next 2-3 days or else nifty could go for correction
Respects to a lady who fought all odds even in her death..RIP🙏🙏🙏
It is just a moral boost for Non BJP parties.
Without money n jobs from where do you start your life now.
Heloo mam kanchan tripathi from Delhi  pidilite industry 40 shares@ 719.00 weekly veiw
News from Jansatta
Don't worry .Pakistan has no strength only serviving on cheap loan amount of China.
We should not be influenced by what the world does: Mukesh Ambani
U missed out telengana government cash reward for sakshi malik
Pls correct the spell of Punjab
chewing gum channel of all market news-festive mood for the market
The benchmark Sensex moved up nearly 27 points in early trade on Thursday.
Media needs experts of various objects for more transparent news!
BUT   MOODI JEE OR RAJANATH  SIR   CHAPU KINU.
Looks like bike is gonna be a boring one \
Inspirational person who seems to possess a gd heart and gd intentions.
72 applause and 6 standing ovations to our dynamic Prime Minister Mr Narendra Damodardaad Modi..by US Congress in their assembly at Washington DC.. ..Jai Hind..
Babar Azam's fifty helps Pakistan edge closer to 200 against WI
Zen desk is still there in market Woow that's surprising
Hi Anuj Happy Diwali... I have sml Isuzu 1k @1425 pls suggest should I wait or...
great news for those who stock holds GVK since  as long.............
In other words, Indian Army is saying Pakistani soldiers went across the LoC into Indian side, Mutilated the bodies of two Indian soldiers and came back while no one on the Indian side dared them engage.  P.S: ISPR has rejected the fabricated claim by Indian Army...
send VHP trained army with their captain,,,,they can deal it better
What happens if GST doesn't go through. Will it affect the whole market or only the logistics stocks?.
What about our own farmers? That means they don't work hard? Then why they are commit suicide? Japanese farmers are rich and famous and Indian farmers are lazy and Chinese & British farmers are feeding Indians.
I support kangana
S
Where is the attack  here? Has IE gone insane ?
No competition with Royal Enfield. Absolutely different kind of bikes.
He is here for business,their companies wants to invest in the construction industry but not been able to enter....
Anna Saab, why don't you too form a committee and probe ..?
I hate all kinds of innocent killing whatever he he is hindu,cChristian or muslims but those are not innocent,they are also killer.
Even sheila dixit ji is very intelligent than rahul gandhi & kejriwal....
If tension between India pak escalate will it b negative to market
I can see Ur. Pain... Desperate....
Agreed . Check Hollywood movies and you will find the difference.
I think it's not true news. Could you please check as they wrote divided states of America.
Hdfc bank 1 lot @ 1448... should I hold ??
Modiji, Please give up the ambition for Nobel Peace Prize and take proper action against Pak Atrocities to show you can do something staunch instead of brushing with chocolate creamed words.
He should contest for LS2019 from Gujarat or Maharashtra or UP. We'll know his credibility.
Mi Mix EVO with Snapdragon 835 processor sounds good!
same stuff was said about the PM....hold your horses friends, wait n watch. New CM will do a great job....else BJP cant come back
Then why Mamata started Duronto from WB? Did you ask her the same?!
Wat an explanations of saving money in a different  way... Awesome NAMO... Well done... Well planned and superb perspective.... Still to go we are along with u...
Precisely...
Hi Sonia congrats. And wish you good luck for your baby
So India is trying to say that Pakistan did a surgical strike and went back safely.  I smell some foul into it. India has a huge presence of army at the border. How come Pakistani army did surgical strike n Indian army had no knowledge of it. How Pakistani went back safely.   It all happened at a time when Turkish President was advocating talks on Kashmir....   To me India has killed its own army personnel to blame Pakistan and prove Turkish president advocacy wrong. We have seen it in past as well especially at the time when Indian army massacred a Sikh village of Kashmir and blamed Pakistan for it. All this was done to get sympathy from US president Bill Clinton who came to advocate talks on Kashmir...!
Mr Agarwal if you are an investor how many decision or calls you will take in a year
Who started it 😀😀😀😀😀dawood, owasi are one side of coin, other side is yogi, prachi,etc😀😀😀😀😀😀.
Legal route can only be a review petition to the Supreme Court: Pawan Goenka
Tibet, Xinjiang, Taiwan and south china sea should be topic of your political commentary not Indian Navy.
�   ♥PYTHON♥BOT♥TEAM♥  ♪----» TAYYAB.GA «----♪  ♥♡o. BOT OWNER 💢 TAYYAB KHAN 💢
Sir it is a humble request to u ..  pls we need justice..
I think market has support at 8544 (89day  ema)
But 1 thing.. whatever you say or think.. Sir Modi ji was very right. He is right  and he will     always be right
Lokpal in amnesia.
It's better he has taken honorable exit and given chance to govt to save face
More steam for psu banks ?? How much can it move further ..?
Bajaj better have somebody keep an eye on the fans reaction here
I dont see how.......... This governor is very different from the older ones, he seems to be very slow and dependant rather than new and rational
Being the Prime Minister can you tell what ever you like?
Due to demonetisation,banks have recovered loans through old notes. This time bank npa will be less compare to previous qtrs.
Atleast they are putting efforts to get things done for india...not like other parties who only looted  india
Bollywood should promote to make women centric films to stop objectifying female to strengthen the thought process of the youth and not just about body. It's a need to glorify many live examples there where a woman has lead the complete mass for the excellence to show she is no more less than a man but where she is less it's with a proper reason of nature. But fake feminism should also not rise.
How high broadband internet speed is? India still behind many countries.
Will tvs motor BMW tie up turn the tables for tvs motor
But we openly accept wht about you where u r 100+ jehadis were killed by Indian surgical strike. In our case we were claiming we did it n also all big country shown there support after knowledge from their satellite  Here our gov saying yes but your army chief saying we didn't do anything n no other country accepting this happend this means our strategy of army want to take advantage of this to attack on. Can't u ppl use your brain.
Where is this market going?our prime minister  has demnonitised the currency and all of us..we are helplessly watching our hard-earned money going down the drain just because of him
India Karega Pakistan ke G@nd Block  Now say 😂🤣😂🤣 Thank you to NARENDRA MODI - Pakistan Banega Regestaan  http://m.indiatoday.in/story/jammu-and-kashmir-hydropower-projects-sawalkote-plant-india-pakistan/1/905308.html
Surej Suresh well said 👍
Its a very serious issue if government is planning to make aadhar identity mandatory
Should i invest lumsup money in large cap mutual fund now?
Earlier in the day, PM Modi attacked the BSP chief and said those who deposit wealth for themselves can never solve the problems of people.
We are using both way .....thx for ur valuable thinking CNBC ....let's see who enjoyed and will die
Soniya.. whats your expectation from today's FOMC meet? Hike is certainly not on cards but how do you expect yellen's commentary?
rural market  even if it earns it will not spend ...it is a conservative market of old india ...1950 -1980 ...so make sure your investments are made right .........
Mr. Bajaj spoke like a true businessman.......Volume...Volume....Volume.....but I feel it will fall short to be cult bike.
Now your son in law won't be able to travel to Kuwait ? #Indianexpress.
Good Job
Recent developments in political arenas in Panjab & UP indicating incoming of a highly politically populist General Budget in Feb'2017 (if EC allows) ✔
8505050887#get_immediately_solution_for_your_all_problem_contact_now & whatsapp Vashikaran, love marriage, love problem, family problem, husband wife problem, business problem, child problem #solution_with_100% guarantee
Requirement for Part Time Internet Based Work Easy Home Based Works Are Available No Registration Fees Just Whatsapp+91 8409779696
best of the child labour ........award goes to cnbc tv 18...best use of young childrens as resources or promotional material
Pak produces fear in the hearts of enemy, producing brave soldiers
no parking zone please ....where is the actual news blog ....blocked from viewing .....what is this govt of  india .....?
ALL THINGS SET UP...NOW A DRAMA OF CAPTURE..BAIL SANCTION..MONEY WILL TAKE CARE OF THE NEXT...
And microsoft sales expected to be double in few weeks
could you please forcast about  sterlite technolgies and adani ports
I'm NOT saying don't eat pork. Please read my comment again :)
How many times did ew watch?  😃
Shivagami asked kattappa to kill bahubali
Aren't you a fan of her too?
Metal stocks going up overtime , wats your view on it
All the Reporters and the TV news Anchors Journalists are superb knowledgeable and great questionnaires are being asked 👍👌
no rubbish they rip tourists off with their scams meru is best i will pay more haha
No
Film is not of actors..they are just character..Film is primarily of director..
Talking about maruti suzuki. Maruti is litterly useing indian consumers and offering such a bad quality. It has legacy but that doesnt meant the real thought of managment of responsible authorities that they can realy deliver to the end consumers. Bad experiance since 2014.  They should have word with dealers regarding the same..  realy bad.
We are just ahead because of Brexit...else considering the standard of living, amenities by Govt, per capita income, interest rates, exchange rate...we are nowhere near to any top economy in this world...secondly GDP depends a lot on gross production n consumption which is bound to be more in India due to population factor hence driving GDP
You  deserve it Bangledesh.... We Get new cricket partnersss
Can we Buy CADILAHC at current level after today news ?
Those who wish to see another opportunity will see another Bus, but those who don't will not see another Bus because they are busy regretting missing first one....
Hiiii
Guys Please help me to promote this page...Like this @ India Property
Price of Racemo will be announced during the commercial launch: Tata Motors MD
awesome.. :-D
It's not sight, it's vision which no one has in media. Continue doing this job to get your monthly pay cheques.
how to make idiots ...just praise them .......ha ha ha
Sandeep Bhardwaj What you miss out are the changes brought out in the original draft of GST for acceptance by all party. Congress was trying to shove it down the throats their draft proposal without discussion.
Khan market is 1250/- psft , not 11,250/-psft as mention in your video ..
Just condemn won't hit them back Sir... Go for another surgical strike at the middle of Lahore
kabali clinic opened to treat those have kabali fever --kabali pill , five times daily ..normal oral 97.6-99.6  normal temperature -98.6 -100.6-age group -11 to 65 years .........kabali mania
is he still alive...:):)
Hie anuj ur cal on market for tom cn b this bottom n cn v make new high if clinton cuma
this is called news councelling for those who feel they have lost the dragon power ..here our special oracle visitng the land of sparta
This is for a hotel and they charge $50 a day for a pod not including tax. Are you thinking of parts for homeless people, good luck because they'll cost a lot of money to clean it, sterilize it, and maintain it. Not to say because it would cost them a lot of money run it. It would just defeat the purpose. But I like how you think. That is very thoughtful of you to care for the homeless.
Wat will be the target of Nbcc and lnt finance by May 2017 ?
If this News is true I m more den happy
No need of 2000 currency....lets play on 100 and 50...lets see how govt.will work
Cowerd randian bokhe nangy army attack karne c pehli khana daiker baijna
we are in railway station ...wave the green flag sherin .......
Suhel Seth! To the Point!  PLEASE don NOT make out too many stories out of this decision, which must have been well thought!
Nice Initiative Sir..I don't understand why doctors are targeted in each matter..
FROM ONE COMPANY TO SIXTY COMPANIES> NO APPRECIATION>BAD LUCK. FALL WILL GET UNIVERSAL APPRECAITION !!!!!!!!!
Hi
Come on. We will Bounce back. Come on Virat and Co. BEST OF LUCK GUYS. 👍👍👍❤❤
Views on Welspun India? Do we need to wait till Wimbledon next year for the stock to surge?
The Indian Voice MENU A Baloch Activist Asked Shahrukh Khan For Support On Issue of Pak Atrcoties!! What SRK Did Next Will Make You hate Him Even More  A few hours ago, prominent Indian superstar Shah Rukh Khan displayed his tolerance widely on Twitter. He blocked a prominent Baluchistan leader Dr. Mahmud Baloch from following him on Twitter. The reason was simple – he had directed a few tweets towards Shah Rukh Khan asking his support to the blazing Baloch issue in Pakistan.  However, instead of helping or simply ignoring him, SRK – as he is famously known as – chose to put a full stop to him on his virtual media.  http://theindianvoice.com/a-baloch-activist-asked-srk-for-support-on-issue-of-pak-atrcoties/
Hey Anuj ! Pls share your views on Tyre Stocks
he is a choosen by public not by goons.
Last election EVM gave 78.36% Vote for BJP.  UP election
Love the way she carries her dress in attitude ..Priyanka rocks!! <3
Discussion is being held on Cash Flow repercussions and reviews by MOF. Let's await.
I am weak @ maths in my family plz don't irritate me
Not agreed with Anna
If hdfcbank give 20%Cagr for next 10yrs it will be far bigger then JPMORGAN
�   ♥PYTHON♥BOT♥TEAM♥  ♪----» TAYYAB-XD.TK «----♪  ♥♡o. BOT OWNER 💢 TAYYAB KHAN 💢
8505050887#get_immediately_solution_for_your_all_problem_contact_now & whatsapp Vashikaran, love marriage, love problem, family problem, husband wife problem, business problem, child problem #solution_with_100% guarantee
And some still desperately  wants to prove their hate for Modi !
Am a NS owner .. Bajaj bikes good only for 2years of purchase . Go for KTM
He does not want India develop he is only concern.  is
#ExpressFrontPage Fighting for a third term and versus first-time AAP, Akalis have back to the wall
Fdi will hamper very badly according to the current market situation..
I have high hopes let's see how it turns out
Statistics of phone freedom251.  291rs per phone. (251+40rs shipping) x 6L order per second = 17.46 cr  It was taking order till 12.15pm approx I.e 6 hrs and 15 min which is 22,500 seconds  17.46 cr per sec x 22,500 sec = 3,92,850 cr  3,88,494 cr was turnover of reliance industries in year 2014-15  That means within 6 hrs  15min they crossed turnover of reliance  Within 6 second tax audit become applicable to that company  And if we calculate interest on the said amount per day  3,92,850 cr x 4% x 1/365 (by taking minimum interest rate) = 43.05 cr  And if after 4 months they will say we are unable to give product and refund 291rs to everyone 43.05 cr x 120 days approx = 5,166 cr  They will earn within 4 months by way of interest  Now you will say about their promotion cost  Deduct 50L,1 cr, 5 cr or even 50 cr, that will not make much difference to the figure
Wow price was quiet good but will c performance show it worth for it
Check with the census if both father and son are included
Can bank nifty move 400 points more, any side ?
DIGITAL INDIA PART TIME JOB.  Free earn money from android mobile without any investment multi level networking work daily 2 hours per day earn Rs 15000 to 50000 monthly, life changing opportunity. Install CHAMPCASH app from the google play store, open and register it, put the reffer id of sponsor 13083581. Note down this id(13083581)on the paper. Complete the challeng and activate your champcash account. SPONSOR ID:- 13083581.
It will be beneficial for the Congress in India .
i am surprised no one has resigned yet , so many attacks in just last few years and NOONE has resigned !!! And if this was UPA time choicest of abuses will be directed against Manmohan and Congress !! Why Modi silent now ?
Pak Army intruded into Indian terrirtory, killed indian soldiers, had some laugh cup of tea with biscuits, mutilated their bodies and went back to their barracks, now tell me while this all rubbish was happening what were indian border forces doing watching mia khalifa and sunny leone?
Founders may be concerned about leadership of Infosys board, says Kiran Mazumdar Shaw. https://youtu.be/IhJTsAcv9-A
DON'T HAVE ANY OTHER JOB REPLYING TO MY COMMENT..GO FOR WOK
Not 2000, it's 5000, Official report 2000 But  Unofficial Killed & missing 5000
If sonia say's to invest in market i L sell my gold & silver and invest for at least 20 years
If bodies are mutilated according to the your version then pak army went into your territory and it's called #Realsurgicalstrike
Why NBFC are correcting? Any bad news in it? Views pls
So nice and mindblowing
#BJP turns all attention towards religion to hide their failures
Well done modi your planing has impacted people having black money but created more impact on common man... Cheers to u
Just remember ""everything is not fair in love and war "" . Be it love or war , sometimes even losing is not a bad option . Winning by any method is like ""victory without honour "".
Anna hazare .. take rest.... Stay at home... Relax ..
Govt is also looking confused by changing its position on daily basis! Can change old notes Amt Rs 4000 then Rs 4500 and now Rs 2000
Enlish is NOT the official language of the United States, nor will it ever be. Puerto Ricans are Americans,.their first language is Spanish, and we have indigenous languages etc. The United States is NOT Israel. We have different laws and needs. We are certainly not a so-called ""Christian"" nation nor have we ever been. . You should read more.
I am looking at being the next Chairman Mr Ratan !
why india tv is silent on big fish..like sachin n otehrs who cluld not make centuries in australia, uk but made with bangla desh n small countries etc...All Honest Citizens,Media plz help Members of Rail Vihar SehkariAvas Samiti Ltd,Loni,Ghaziabad to get back their n Exchequer Revenue /Funds of Rs200Crores cheated,siphoned, Misaprropriated etc in Land scam sicne yr 1982 till2012 by Few Corrupt Ofifcers,staffs Mostly from Railway Board,Ministry of Railways,Rail Bhavan,New Delhin NDMC staff R.L.RAHEJA Who is there as Secretary without any Fair,Transparent,Fool Proof communications, for AGMs,Elections n has not shown any transparency in mainting reocrds, hided all informations,including expenses detials of Office Bearers,MC Memebrs in past 30 yrs. Did not inform to 95% memebrs in the past for AGMs,Elections dates, Election process etc n are forcibly occupying office of RVSAS Ltd by Bribing to the Corrupt Officers of UP Avas Evam Vikas Parishad co-operative officers in Ghaziaabd n Lucknow,Police also in Delhin Ghaziaabd, as office kept in Delhi delibrately to aovid any action frm Ghaziaabd SSP,N Delhi Police Vasudev Sharma -DyDirector in Railway Boardn Brahma Bhatnagar working under VD Sharma with Darshan Lal Kundra,MP.Vasudev,D.D.Singh, Devmani-former director -vigilence inRailway Board,Rajiv Gupta- former Director now Executive Director in Shimla-HP with Railways, Officers ,CP Kwatra,Anil Singh vigilence deptt room no -09n other 50 persons used over 40 room sswith light, stationeries of Minsitry of Railways for 30 yrs n made Billions  Rs by projecting Rail Vihar Sehkari Avas Samiti Ltd as Govt owned Housing society n kepton taking monies in the name of making payment to GDA-Ghaziaabd  Rs28lacs for getting CC in yr 1994 n tehre after but no money deposited with GDA till date. DM/Collector,SSP,SHO-Loni havedelyed FIR REGISTRATION Despite two Justices Bench of Hon'ble Supreme Court had given clear orders/ Directions vide their orders published in timesof India delhi paper dt15-10-2006 page 13 zerox copies provided to SSP,DM/Collector,SHO Loni,Ghaziaabd on 07th Feby,11th Feby,20th March'2012 n then reminded over 100 times thru emails, ahrd copies afed on04-04-12 to DM-Ghaziabad n thru SMS to DM/Collector ,SSP at their mobile no-08527240100, 09454400274 over50 timesn to DGP ,ADG,IGCrime-UP also but no action, CM -UP also remidned over 50 times thru emails frm Nov'11 suresh pawar is most corrupt co-operative officer housing in UP AVAS EVAM VIAKS PARISHAD AT Vasundhara complex, sector16 vasundhara, ghaziabad n has made Millions Rs Bribe monies frm over 1000 co-operative hosuing societies shwoing lossesn Exchequer Revenue lossesof Billions Rs in past 50 yrs with the help of corrupt co-operative officers, commissioners, jt/asstt. commissioner siphoned, looted thks del m 9873465894
It's not about competing it's about dominating. Make your products like Apple, so that other people copy your plastic and sell at low price 😎
Speculations, you earn on this.... Lets not waste our time in those.  Instead just keep it like this if you have unconfirmed reports: the army has not disclosed anything on this matter, for strategic and security reasons.
pakistan produces only poop that china need ... ha ha😁😁😁😁😂😂
excellent launch considering they are now focussing on south american market.
Its good that this nonsense goes on till the time they pass on some evidence and courts take these politicians to task.
And Anuj please don't get rid of your wife for Bajaj Dominar😝😝😝
congratulates
Gd joke
What is going on in Infosys, Midcap IT is marching ahead why Infosys is lagging behind.
How come body mutilated ...?? Something wrong somewhere ?? Not correct puc
So Ratan Tata asking CorpEmployes to Drive Fast & Do Accidents 😂😂😂😂😂😄😄😄
Reasonable that we will have to triple airport capacity in 10-15 yrs: Jayant Sinha
Leaving the industry should be her decision not others business.
4 crores n 11 crores...m jst wondering here how many poor people can eat with just one crore...hmmm🙈🙊🙊
Shame on these people for disregarding honourable supreme court verdict.
Are you sure rahul.whether i am misinterpret or forget.it was around year 2000's when i read a article about him stating he is illiterate but successfully manage to profit indian railways up to 16000crore. This acchievement is the best since 1947.can you tell me what is his degree title is,please?
#ExpressFrontPage According to Economic Survey, net out-of-state flows of migrant labourers peaked at almost 9.4 million in 2013-14, before falling to 9.1 million in 2014-15 and just over 8.4 million in 2015-16.
Is it an advertisement or some sort of news ?
Airtel is looting its customers,its true.Quality of service has also gone down.
Dipa Karmakar should hv also got d same appreciation as she was d 1st gymnast to represent India in d finals in Olympics.....but sadly no one stood fr her
Infosys is fairly valued...doesn't look like a good buy in short term
Will kpr mill can go above its buy back price of 660
Seriously?
Sagun go ahead,let him to do sadi,wt will u do with that.
Shocking.
God bless this couple
Very Good and Daring Decision Sir.. Hats off to NDA..
Sir,  please exempt  IT DEDUCTION from pensioners. They are incurring 50 percent PENSION for medical expenses.  With the balance amount , they are struggling for food etc. This is real.
mr parminder whom u refer to here in your comment
Nice to see you with the assignment ! All the best Wishes..
read the same quote -2 years back  ......brany  let have beer  man .........refresh the summer with carlberg beer in virgin airlines
Why should not shoulders blast the are where these piglet acumen Naxals live.
50000 merceds benz sold , audi -50000 sold /year  ------> what do you mean , what is v.a.t -value added tax ---every indian pay the tax , sevice tax , excise, octroi .....is also taxaxble revenue for the govt payed cncb tv 18 ....
Kirushanth Rajiv K Saransh Umale V.Siva Sai Krishna Jalikattu spreading across world 8)
Any sensible person will vote for #AAP only.
Superrr!! now all should work hard for Olympic medals day & night, Full life settlement!!! really Great motivation baba... why IIT, Medical, engineering, LLB CLAT Just run behind Sports for 4 years work hard
#ENTERTAINMENT: Share your thoughts on #HalfGirlfriend trailer.
the time is so odd for office goers...can it be watched live somewhere?
Protecting Humans is Gods work...
So its alright to lynch people for ""alleged"" stealing of cows whether Hindu or Muslim? What's wrong with you?
Cheating is everywhere..Modi is far ahead..how he has been declared
Slow speed.. If high speed he can't hold phone recorded while driving..Wrong lane is the only mistake.
Sir Can I go for future consumer for next 3 year
PNB and Sbi ; are they heating for new highs
Devavrat Rana I haven't been disrespectful in the slightest.:)
Please Tell me Some Multibagger IDEA Midcap Small Cap Company Name
Talking of development, have u heard of the Human Development Index (HDI). An composite index indicating general quality of life. Guess what West Bengal which as per u is doomed, has score of 0.509 vis-a-vis the Gujarat, the cradle of Narendra Modi's development model, which scores 0.527. Now compare that to Indian avg. of 0.624.
Yes
Give some multibagger tips for 2017? From the smallcap space.
By her hard work and talent Kangana made her place in Bollywood who is this dude to tell her to leave Shame
Simple. Dynasty.
You are lucky that you are in India disrespecting our pm and still safe
Bank nifty ended in red.. But 19200 put was down by 30 percent. Why is it so?
Sonia I am holding Rel cap 430, please suggest what  to do
Just asking in Curiosity In upcoming days if any political party in PUNJAB announces LIQUORS Banned then which stocks can get hammered?
What indian can do Now???? They can dream & Type bombastic comment to hide from Shame, Good Continue Bakistanis Enjoys it much 😁😂😂
I am from pak waziristan .,..... jey lalita is very gaert lidor in india
Thanxxxxx ***
Mahatma gandhi could have made 1000 dhotis out of it
Great no one celebrating victory for paying condolences of Sukma martyr
Any suggestions on banking stocks for next 2-3 months considering increased bank deposits
Once again bjp has installed its puppet drive in the economy for the capitalists
I guess I will take  long vacation til January
Bikram Bohra ur likeness for Riya sen still intact?   Suraj Chowrasia
Awesome Pic  ----▶CNBC-TV18  😎 Bot By 👤Vikas Das  ♨ BotBoss,Top 🔛 Server 2
Market is going with low volumes and going down with large volumes . Is strong hand trapping weak hand at upper price?
Gandhi Killer Ram (Nathu) Temple in India......  Big Shame 4 India........
Anna is very Chokanna
why is the girl standing on the table behind you?
We are proud for Jayalalithaa,India loss great humanity,and powerful women..
yes much can be said on both the sides.
Yech ....got half century  (51 votes only) at dmc results... He should remain satisfied
AAP. 1000 KISS TO YOU.
What a good economy can do if India can't protect itself from notorious Chinese ....one war and all the economy will be air as most of the money comes from foreign investors. India need to show its strength to the world so that no one dare to think of attacking India..
Somebody received money, clearly. For what purpose, anybody can guess. 😂
Sure Punam Chavan i follow CNBC-TV18 its on my timeline hhahhahhaha phone pe we'll chat ;)
So what ? I love RSS.
We need  action not only talk ... we respect  modiji if government  don't take any action we all Indian never  ever respect  you .show them  our chalaba modiji
Give any Khan 9000 plus screen and see the magic :D
1) Find a problem and then find a solution and if the solution helps the society..great.
I can bt wht abt people who dnt own a debit or credit card?
Why are nobody talking about how terror financiers are bamboozled? It's politicians and persons with unaccounted money   who are bitterly crying and trying to fire from the shoulders of inconvenienced poor.
The day will come when we hit the 40 kms/day of road construction target: Nitin Gadkari
Hi! Sonia , pls let me know when can we expect the pharma underperformance to stop . ITS BEEN more than a year now .
Sonia as laggard are catching up and TATA MOTORS JLR new launches like FPACE & RANGE RIVER SUV are stunner & r making the buzz is it time to buy TATA MOTOR?
You won't be missed for sure!! There would be a lot less hypocrisy once you are gone!!
Cess on tobacco & manufactured tobacco substitutes, including tobacco products capped at 290% ad valorem
Who said u are alone. Entire media, other state ppl are calling you as Amma. We are all ur family
Thankyou Dear Archana for your greatest awards of Journalism.Me and all family members send best wishes and blessings.
sorry whatever the features...wont go for chinese products in any case..
this is called real surgical strike along with proofs. and every thing is fair in love and war.
Yes sir u were
I wish that I could have speak in English like you Mam....... :)
I don't know why they are even getting this kind of money sportspeople are overrated India should spend this money for poors and army
Haĺlo shobana wen are u coming bk 2 Uganda we are missing u
Rest of India fought back well after conceding a 132-run first innings lead to Gujarat, but the Ranji champions maintained the upper hand at the end of the Day 3.
Chinese media should rename themselves as advisors to the world. Ever since Modi has assumed office  China is feeling uneasy. Border roads, helipads and defence procurement nothing is going down  well with China. Objections or not India under Modi will continue yo strengthen our Forces.
He also noted that the how the Congress-Samajwadi-Communist political streams, despite their ideological differences, have always been different from the ‘divisive and communal approach of BJP and Sangh’.
I have a lot of vedanta and bharat financial shall I continue to with these stocks
Very surprising. Looking to Tata's track record, one should wait till the details to come out before reaching to any conclusions.
State associations are yet to sign the tripartite agreement with the BCCI and the IPL franchises
You can ditch anything on earth, but not God and his justice.  At last justice prevailed.
MR. RAJAN, PLEASE GIVE ME 10000 CRORES AND THEN KEEP YOUR MOUTH SHUT. I WANT TO BE A BIG DEFAULTER
Mayur Jain  we Indians are very innocent we do forget past very quickly, yes in current scenario I can only trust S.C but most Gujarat people knows that our great PM and Amit shah played big roll in gujarat riots. Even Supreme Court also mentioned in ther report. But as usual nothing happnd.
June Bank nifty is trading at a discount to Spot for about a week now... Why is this??
DIGITAL INDIA JOB Earn money with your smartphone work daily 2 hours per day earn rs 500 to 600 daily life changing opportunity type ""JOIN"" & send to my whatsapp number 09464061516
The CNBC camera guy isn't live streaming from the event
Totally agreed
Vivek Namdeo why don't you go and ask mr. modi who compared our Kerala to Somalia...😏😏😏
comedy guy... then what the hell you did when you screw BJP with only one number
Icici bank y not participating???bank nifty pull down by psu? Y
Tell us some way to exchange the money 😃 those has become only papers which are of no use. Even no one can buy gold since government is monitoring that too. This is why all the political parties are crying because they didn't get any tip to save their black money for next election 😄
Thanks but what about the politicians   Big industrialist etc.  why target poor people needs to give explain. First check on them
In the next 20 years humankind can achieve much more than it has in the last 300 years: Mukesh Ambani
Sapna & sundar gre8t initiatives for India to go digital
To understand the ideology of the RSS, one needs to have a big brain n must be able to use it
Go hell in diplomacy,a more strong and secret action should be taken
They got resources from Spain I believe ...so utilizing at fullest
Who is Mr Suhail Seth to comment upon it,  I mean he is from advertising agency and he should do his work. I dont think he is the right person to be called to comment in this matter.
chinese daily -""1975"" ------------------------------ japan was the biggest risk for the global economy --news of china during 1975 ..........  leaders never follow -addidas advertisement
These guys should be fired when there Analysis fails twice or thrice
PM Narendra Modi is man of wisdom and civilized leader.
Attention: Indians have launched a False Flag ⛳️ Operations .   They claimed that Pakistani forces infiltrated the LOC killed and mutilated bodies of two BSF jawans .   The claimed location is not just heavily mined and fenced but has been under constant Indian Army surveillance citing attempted infiltration by Kashmiri Militants .   It's obviously an attempt to sway the international community away from the atrocities committed by Indian Occupation Forces on Unarmed Kashmiris.  Previously the Drama was done to fool Indian population for UP Election this time God know what they have in Mind but it's simply Evil and in the end people of India will suffer one way or the other.
No one is in India to compete with you sir.
we are Indian and we love to have Mr Modi ji as our PM.. Forever
J Kumar infra is doing very well since last month and has remained in circuit for most of the time wh
In other words they are unable to compete with Amazon.!
For further transparency menu prices must be inclusive of all taxes (MRP).
This debate is not going to do any thing its just wastage of time India should take a very serious Action no Diplomatic talk or dodger only action thats what only Pakistan Needs. A strong reply should be given to Pakistan one since for all, thats what we Indian expect from our Govt. But our Govt. is just busy in issuing Idiotic statements in this regard.
good opening international market without stt and ctt great step.
Hope he now realise the pain he had given & bleeded India
Should we can buy sugar stock at this level if not then what is the good entry level
Why so much importance to S Kunder. Who is She/He?
It's ok we lost just 1 test match. We India will bounce back and win the series.
There's no harm in dressing the way you want but sweeping the floor! A big no
Congratulation with thanks
No Modi Wave is Anti criminal Anti Corruption Anti Terrorist Anti Mafias Anti Trople Tallak Amti umauthorised bitchrts Anti scams Anti black money
JP is answerable and responsible to deliver the flats already delayed by years. Govt. Action is required urgently.
Siddharth Singh Tomar....U Nailed it Bro 👍
you can sell the stock if u hold it or sell for intraday basis....there indication for sell
Working on mobile vans, tech to ensure door step delivery of petroleum pdts: HPCL CMD
How come #Pakistan mutilated the bodies.. When as per initial reports by media 2 soldiers were injured.. Then they died  You have to be dead to get mutilated.
this is fake post.. only cricketers and corrupt sorts officials earn so much.. im sure they only wrote this post after nearly killing our runner Jaisha by not even giving her water
Get Turkey out from European union and white people aren't Muslims, they can be Christians, Jews and Hindus.
Its high time ..u should use ur 56 inch chest..how many soldiers will be killed in ur political games..war is the only option ..
##Imran it is 4 U....And sickular mind people....
Anuj what about chemical stocks ? good sector to be in
.. our soldiers' sacrifice wont go into vain.... PM Sir Modiji.. We hope you do something these kind brutals wont happen again.. MARTYRS WISHED THAT THEIR SACRIFICES BE THE LAST AND EVERYONE LIVE IN PEACE...! AND ARE WE CHEATING THEM?
Come Clean BJP! Did u fight 2014election without black money.
Internet is clearly saying that this 400cc dominos, i mean dominar cant go faster than 150 km/hour, where the 390 cc ktm can go faster than 175km/hour, and an enfield 500 can go faster than 150 km/hour.
Let Govt stop the manufacturer, and the product and initiate the rules and regulations.. Until manufacturers of all sort of health related products are produced,, the users also will be there.. If alcohol and tobacco is stopped producing everything will stop automatically.. But it's not possible by any government..
Where  is mr feku where is 56 inch Seena
Good morning to dear daughter of Vishu. ..proud of you
Award well deserved for bringing glory to our country may u'll shine forever
Who harrassed Kanshiram
Gopal Vicky I'm Indian n ur holding Supreme Court verdict for ransom by protest. U can appeal again in the court n wait for final decision.
NDTV u stand accused of traitory .. During Uri attack Does it make ny sense,?
A piece of advice to Indian posters replying to a post from members across the border. Pl check the profile of the Paki poster. A large number of them 70-80% are fake profiles. Ignore them. They are part of the 'cyber jihad' brigade raised by ISI. It may be the same person posting under multiple fake accounts.
As much I know ...Onam and  vishu are the only 2 cultural festival of kerala....and none eat beef...not even fish or chicken or any other non veg items
where can the collapse of nifty end? any idea sir/madam
Yes for RSS
I think cnbc shld tag dis meme to all real estate MDs.
How long is it gonna take to launch the dominor.
Good or very good,this will be decided by the people who are supreme in democracy.Wait and see how dealers whether wholesale suppliers or retailers of day to day essentials for rich and common people will react.
All the best guys... Looking forward to following budget with you.
Good sense prevailed ?? Maybe he is interested in washing dirty linen in court......no one is interested
All Pakistani people are again in electronic  Indian journal. It's prove that they don't like their country rather merge with original country and stop killing both sides of army. Rather do on original criminal British people.
Sonia TESLA is going to enter in India this summer so can their be more consolidation in auto sectors in coming days &since M&M PV are already facing margin pressure will it sustain as MUSK must have few models for capturing mid mid segment ?
Bro keralites eat a lot of beef... There they even sell on thelas and serve beef on green leaf...all mallus eat beef irrespective of their religion
What's your nifty outlook for the remaining part of the week??
This is horrible at least respect this octogenarian , does it require to bring such a person to bank ? From this video what are we trying  to show the nation.
It's on.The highway we will never adhere to the traffic rules these are meant for others not applicable for those indulge in breaking the rules
View on Motilal Oswal financial long-term i have 1100 @ 508
Why you drag instagram stuff in fb news page?🤔 No real news up your sleeves?🙄
Sonia Pls give your view on Tcs I am in short position in this script.??Should i exit??
Prakash Diwan Comemnts on Container Corporation of India (CONCUR) on Logistic Stocks .. Please
This is sportsmanship
south indian kitchen is the pure clinic --your food do not serve you energy , it takes your well being -so there is no need for Thyrocare's A Velumani's success mantra when kitchen is pure .....return of the dragon story
He is nothing but a naxalite in disguise of parliamentarian like bhadwa journos of RNDTV who ISI agents in disguise of journalist
Home based work without investment  Work in your spare time and earn unlimited   We have offices in every city of India   Check last month Payment of 42lac   Type JOIN and WhatsApp us on this no. 8698614666
See a lot more competition in banking industry going ahead: Shikha Sharma
Modi took a great decision. This is not a small task.
Superpower Pakistan.. you guys dont know just because of your one sided media..
How bad would Michael Phelps feel about not representing india in these Olympics? 🤔
Appropriate response... appropriate to BJP bungling so on national security?
U r right
STOP debating instantly and act. Dont insult Indians any further. Taking action is not some thing is not revenge.
Only 7.unbelievable
Good evening sir ....... Brigade and A2Z infra hold or sale ?
studio  looks good nigel ..so you are seeing green shots may be
Rs 303 & above will give 3 month complimentary service
No cribs, just face it and it's for some time.
Please please go and watch, Bahubali producer need Rs.150 more to get 1000 crore. If you do not watch, he will hang him self
Earlier jennifer was also his everything.... actors ha ha ha
Good car but can be have good road to drive this 😂😂😂😂😂😂
He means to say that he has created many opportunities..!!😜👽
After Demonitisation,  can the government give a clear quantum of black money that got into banking system and the quantum of black money that is either destroyed or converted into black money under new notes
I think Anna ji should openly accept that he is bjp man and should join bjp.
It show clearly that(Don't try to change the system...System will change U)
Delhi: Car Catches Fire Near Rithala Metro Station
Really bruh? Salty now, are we ? :P I  said nothing of that sort .. :\
Cyrus Investments & Sterling Investment Corporation file petition against trustees of Tata Trust & directors of Tata Sons
Right
towmmr stock may fall ...short as much as u can
Now the bhakts will try to ban her on CNBC...
Wow. He held such a high position in international organisations.... I thought education makes a person  better.
These domain can buy at $8.,and any one can made website....
Jubilant life sciences has a very high PE.  Any view on fresh buys considering an investment?
This is a return gift from a Pakistan for the priceless gift that it denied. Maybe it's time Pakistan be invaded by China
Good
Digital India will be transparent and we eliminate corruption and eradicate poverty and eliminate terrorist organizations network
My grandfather was also in in Indian army & my school friend is also in bsf at the post of sub inspector
You should join bjp
I mean I don't think I'd be able to practice satanism in a Christian nation 🤔
Hi Anuj according to you which stocks will reach levels like Infosys and Ril
During his tenure as RBI Governor his all policies failed / flopped ? so What at the end he is going to give ? better let the new Governor give his policies . CNBC TV 18 : Pls ask him  @ Why. he did not reduce the interest rates when cost of funds are 6 to 6.5% ? Banks are charging 9 to.10 % on Car loans and Home loans ? why not other borrowers? after this money with Banks belong to Public?  Why he keep funding Banks  when they show loss of funds in NPA ?
Boss, me personally has involved with this dirty business with many doctors as a medical representative.
experts of what ...making samosa ......discover yourself ....that is the purpose of life ........
Why is he in Turkey? I'm surprised he even stepped in Turkey safely after all the attacks against Muslim minorities in India.
Guys also start commodity section ! Now options also coming. .! It would be great !
nyc 1
next launch probably some Romeo Juliet shiz will go down!
What is the use of such report when no one is taking action
My diminishing respect for Anna is ends today
But. Jio is good But....I wish That It would be more better if it singnal strength is good at Villages and Urban Areas??
please get an additional mic to Latha Venkatesh whilst talking to winners :)
I grew up with respect for cow, I started understanding the its value too for its milk, for giving us the bullocks for our agriculture. Now I live in the west but has never eaten beef because I respect that Indian cow with which I grew, spent my childhood, my youth . Though today the cow in Punjab is only milking cow as the bullock are gone from our villages, tractors have replaced them but still the farmers respect cow. So I will request my Hindu brothers not to use force, killings Muslims to force them to respect cow, change their taste not to eat beef but turn to other type of meat, chicken, fish,  vegetation food, win them over with your argument not force, violence has never won & will not. India will be divided further with hate, violence, aggression. Learn lesson from our past history, if we divided others will rule us. I love India, it is my pride, it is my honour.
WHAT DOES MIDCAP STOCKS FALL IN LAST 20 MINUTES SIGNAL???
april 1 ..no cheating ... congrats ..cnbc tv 18 through cnbc ..
coaches never learn , they only teach ....dell or hell ?
Set some clear cut time for this facebook live......  I don't want to miss that
Ow...Every Indian  must be proud ..Bcz Every Man of Pakistan Checks Indian Website to see what is going on....
Nly if 1/10th of this money could be given to the athletes before Olympics
Yes bro
Ahamed.... Rightly said.... Agree👌
Two high profile fake stories 1- Pak enter India, killed Indian soldier and mutilate the bodies and came back unhurt while rest of Indian army was sleeping. 2- Ajmal kasaab manage to sail from Karachi to Mumbai in a boat while India strong navy was asleep and brutally killed people.
Join BJP
I.also like ur mom and sister . What about that?
What you should know about Turkey's President, Recap Tayyip Erdogan:  The Turkish economy between 2002 and 2012 caused a growth of 64% in real GDP and a 43% increase in GDP per capita.  Erdoğan inherited a debt of $23.5 billion to the IMF, which was reduced to $0.9 billion in 2012. He decided not to sign a new deal. Turkey's debt to the IMF was thus declared to be completely paid and he announced that the IMF could borrow from Turkey.  In 2010, five-year credit default swaps for Turkey's sovereign debt were trading at a record low of 1.17%, below those of nine EU member countries and Russia.  In 2002, the Turkish Central Bank had $26.5 billion in reserves. This amount reached $92.2 billion in 2011. During Erdoğan's leadership. Inflation fell from 32% to 9.0% in 2004.  Under Erdoğan's government, the number of airports in Turkey increased from 26 to 50.  Between 2002 and 2011, another 13500 km of expressway were built.  For the first time in Turkish history, high speed railway lines were constructed, and the country's high-speed train service began in 2009. In 8 years, 1076 km of railway were built and 5449 km of railway renewed.  Erdogan put greater investments into the healthcare system than any predecessor. As part of the reforms, the ""Green Card"" program, which provides free health benefits to the poor.  Erdoğan increased Education spending from 7.5 billion lira in 2002 to 34 billion lira in 2011, the highest share of the national budget given to one ministry and number of universities in Turkey nearly doubled, from 98 in 2002 to 186 in October 2012.  In 1996 1$=222 Lira and in 2016 1$=2.94 Lira, even after the recent turmoil. Indian fooled by Saffron gay gangsters government
#RCBvsRPS  Virat Kohli wins the toss and RCB will bowl first against RPS
Devil maker is not less than the Devil.
wats happening with sunpharma buyback? wats happening with sunpharma?buyback? wats happening with sunpharma?buyback?
Guys beware Rs 9000/- stolen from my Paytm wallet, reason ""Withdrawn against dispute - wrongly credited"" and they are not crediting it back to my account inspire of several emails and phone calls
Will rate cut b a positive news for bank nifty ?
Do you sprinkle too much salt?
Great , We need such type of journalisme  §Great
True women are the backbone of Indian society
RBI policy not taken in the right spirit by Market ; right ?
What about market is will go up or not plz tell
I am so proud of you Antoinette!!! You've done an amazing job in helping these children.
The SC has not achieved the intended goals, as 50% of the inventory has been sold at discounts in the last 2 days. If the court intended to save the people from getting poisoned, it should have banned sale of the banned vehicles on 30th and 31st of March also. Very bad.
Callum Talbot A(Koran 2:62) ""Those who believe (in the Qur'an), and those who follow the Jewish (scriptures), and the Christians and the Sabians,- Any who believe in God and the Last Day, and work righteousness, shall have their reward with their Lord; on them shall be no fear, nor shall they grieve.""  (Koran 2:256) ""Let there be no Force in religion: Truth stands out clear from Error: whoever rejects evil and believes in God hath grasped the most trustworthy hand-hold, that never breaks. And God heareth and knoweth all things""  (Koran 4:19) O ye who believe! Ye are forbidden to inherit women against their will. Nor should ye treat them with harshness, that ye may Take away part of the dower ye have given them,-except where they have been guilty of open lewdness; on the contrary live with them on a footing of kindness and equity. If ye take a dislike to them it may be that ye dislike a thing, and God brings about through it a great deal of good""  (Koran 2:87) ""We gave Moses the Book and followed him up with a succession of messengers; We gave Jesus the son of Mary Clear (Signs) and strengthened him with the Holy Spirit. Is it that whenever there comes to you a messenger with what ye yourselves desire not, ye are puffed up with pride?- Some ye called impostors, and others ye slay!""  (Koran 3:45) O Mary! God giveth thee glad tidings of a Word from Him: his name will be Jesus Christ, the son of Mary, held in honour in this world and the Hereafter and of (the company of) those nearest to God.  (Koran 3:46) ""He shall speak to the people in childhood and in maturity. And Jesus Christ shall be (in the company) of the righteous.""  (Koran 49:13) ""O mankind! We created you from a single (pair) of a male and a female, and made you into nations and tribes, that ye may know each other (not that ye may despise (each other). Verily the most honoured of you in the sight of God is (he who is) the most righteous of you. And God has full knowledge and is well acquainted (with all things).""
Will u consider healthcare as part of developnent? Or rural roads or promoting education of women.
I feel sad for those who are sitting and waiting there😂
Hi anuj should i cut pizza into 6 or 8 pcs?...hahahaha....jst a joke apart that was a good one
Becouse Pakistan army and nation know how to treat and welcome ill people like......
anuj can you please talk about oriental bank of commerce ?
This is true Indian culture movie. I saute u S. S. rajamauli. Bolywood movie stories only pyar pyar.......  Everyone tired. Again I salute you
LONG LIVE TURKEY LONG LIVE HIS MAJESTY SULTAN TIYYAB ERUDOGAN
Don’t want aviation revolution to be impacted by lack of capacity: Ajay Singh
hahahahahahah...gormint..!! too good man.. next statement bhi to bol deta bhai.. :D though i differ from yr statement.
Opportunity is knocking the door for them Kashmiri. They need dual protection from terrorists inside and outside. Difficult for Army to carry on with biz of returning normalcy to the valley. Sleepers do pose a threat and until their manipulations are curtailed and deterred, the threat will always loom large.
Sure India will be super power if we have leader like modi only
I am proud to see my mizo fellows doing thing like this,hope this is an example for other Indians.
Rest in Peace.
That's right the whole video was directed at Arvind Kejriwal!!
Anuj Any idea on why "" NILKAMAL "" RISING ??
Please tell me will market fees ( mandi tax) subsum in gst or not?
Mayur Jain u really talking about trusting courts which country u live in third class third world third character and u r talking about trust
After losing two matches against PV Sindhu on the trot, Carolina Marin made a roaring comeback against her Indian rival in the Singapore Open quarter-final.
WHY DON'T YOU LET THAT NO.1 ....""BREATHE""...FOR GOD'S SAKE....GIVING MORE ALTITUDES OF ""HOLDING BLACK""...!!!!!!! UHHHHH !!!!!!!
Gospel in devil mouth haha
Bahi its so easy its 4time bigger country than ur Pakistan and there population will second largest population after china in Asia
'JUST 8 MEN OWN SAME WEALTH AS HALF OF THE WORLD ' -- OXFAM🌝✔
Great vision ! Real role model for young people . Simple man with a great mind .
What ur view on textile stock . Is its next Apple from india .
So,r bears trapped now or still some left .. or major bigg left :p
The problem is that we are dealing with a barbaric army using jihadi tactics.
Although I am a supporter of Modi but this time Congress told the right thing..
☕ Bot🐮 Powered🐹 By🐒 Prince😤 Fadii  🏨 See My Bot Speed 😽 India TV ♥ c h α υ δ h r ψ s 🌹 β ο τ τ ε r ♥ 🏢 Saturday : 29 - April - 2017 🏨  Like Back♥ India TV 🏥 comment Late  38 detik :)  🏪 Auto Comment By   Prince Fadii  🏯 🔎 Baby-Bot.tk 💡
Hello, Sonia, I have yet not selling my stocks for llosses ast 18 month. What is problems?
It's good prices are going down ... will gold crash further ?
But his gates foundation is under watchlist  Hope the govt will stop scrutinizing their Funds to India.
Not the suporter His achievements in over 11 years as prime minister are equally impressive helped to found the Justice and Development (AK)
After 2019, Switzerland will provide real-time information on investments post 2018: FM
Claridges and The Savoy ,the two famous London hotels ,have Gordon Ramsay restaurants.
Also Maruti... It saw good correction and today it has gone up smartly.. So do you see now in its way to make another new high
How does this 3 pm move play out on every single time? Are the markets so easily prone to manipulation?
#ExpressFrontPage The first such criminal prosecution has been filed against Mukesh Ruia, promoter of the listed Shekhawati Poly-Yarn Ltd on February 28.
Can we accept next Thursday to be good for bulls ?  After two days of NSE close.
Ye Sahi hai... Good One!
Beef is Animals not gods
Vijaya , Rice price is the problem in Kerala,  not RSS.
sir i want buy berger , idfc bank ,ntpc , ambuja which one preffer
So beautiful
God created man and man judges the patriotism and loyalty who is patriot and loyal on God's creation and man is made slave of another man.
Its ok baba g . They will claim to kill 100 soon.. we dont get even a scratch by claiming of your army.
Modi ji salute to u...u r d best...let bad people say bad things about u...u keep on going modi ji...ignore those stupid. ..bad congress as well as other people bcoz dey are culprits and u are a real man modi ji...my vote always for u...BJP- bhartiya janta party- best janta party....👍
A local commanders level hotline contact was established at Rawlakot- Poonch sector on LOC last night between Pakistan and Indian Army authorities. Indian counterpart was told that there has been no CFV from Pakistan side nor mutilation of Indian soldiers bodies. Indian authorities were told that there is unnecessary media hype following the allegations. Pakistan remains fully committed to maint peace and tranquillity along the LOC and expect same from other side and hope prudence is exercised and no steps are taken that may lead to vitiating of environment and affect peace along LOC. A Routine DGMO level hotline is also likely today.
Enough time has passed you have to take action otherwise public will go against you
Reema coul you please give view on Yes Bank ???
well said my boy .....gokhale ( political guru of gandhi)
Brave man modi...taking hits from all sides..we r lucky to have  aleader like him
What about our soldiers....no organization comes forward to support our soldiers's family when they required most....It's really shame on those....
Some TV channels are now swaying towards PM Modi / BJP.  However no channel except Zee has power to expose the truth hidden from public. Zee goodwill on the rise, watch out.
Well done modiji... Many of us wat we Discuss in our daily life with family  and frnds abt issues your making it happen.... Thank you.... It's good for our country... Go on.....
🎃 Bot🐑 Powered🐺 By🎍 Prince😥 Fadii  🏨 See My Bot Speed  😽 India TV ♥ c h α υ δ h r ψ s 🌹 β ο τ τ ε r ♥ 🏢 Saturday : 29 - April - 2017 🏨  Add Close Me♥ India TV 🏥 Comment Late  28 detik :)  🏪 Auto Comment By   Prince Fadii  🏯 🔎 Baby-Bot.tk 💡
GOEL AND ALL STATE MINISTERS TO VISIT TOKYO EVERY MONTH TO STUDY THE CLIMATIC CONDITIONS, SURFACE AND ACCLIMATIZE THEMSELVES PROPERLY
Part time online job without investment  Most important job for Facebook expert  Earn 15000-25000/-month  Open play store  Install champcash mony free app Sign up with champcash  Refer id-9044274 Install 7-8 apps in the champcash and start online work
India should carryout surgical strike in a  press conference.....easy beasy!!!
It's DHULAGARH reaction
people know well. ..
Nice article...👍👌👍
Congratulations !
Is rec worth buying at this price??? Can u please update on finolex industries.... How the stock would be for long term???
Anuj plzz let me know why price of delta corp is going up ?
First, let every village and township has at least 6 toilets.
means tougher for congress , easier for bjp ---this is what he means
It is silly to drag Nehru's name into contemporary politics which is totally dirty.
Media please stop these jokes, will you talk about npa waived off bz tycoons????
Thank you for giving data offer. I never forget your generosity, Sir.
There was a news item a few days back about Wipro laying off 600 employees??
After Indian forces reactions surrendered forces will claim that innocent cornflakes manufacturer killed by Indian soldiers as as soldiers are habitual to surrender 93000 against 3000.
Why wipro is at 52 weeks low can we see any upmove...
Mental
New entrant for the market.. advice few shares to be in portfolio
What abt the cricketers..... Y can't they pay anything...? They r awarded with crores of rupees just by playing any match.... forget abt the winning....
Hi Anuj, I am confused on ITC after listening to Mr. Tuslian :). Your view please ..
It is a grand step.
She is brave n bold, what others had in mind she spoke it on your face..
Next time sell the country and then prove it right....
David L Roberts  and P.S - your an American citizen and Donald Trump is your President. To say or believe otherwise doesn't change reality. Get some help
I m sorry for sing paa g but near bahdr no excuse
(y) good work : (y)
BSP earlier removed him as the in-charge of Uttar Pradesh and was appointed the in-charge of Madhya Pradesh.
give him time.. hes 5 times elected m.p not on the basis of saffron dress.
Check out this version... lit af https://youtu.be/mlO3csHDzds
Abdul Kablam....? sounds like some sort of Muslim terrorist to me. I don't care what he has to say.
What should be done with Divis Lab for long term???
Bro  dont give ex of isreal....  Isreal has usa.......   Isreal sell weapon to us.........     Just learn little about middle east politics  .... Before giving example............
Other small and mid caps like capital trust for example ? Any further rallies ?
That's the tragedy with human nature... It tends to imitate rather than introspect or innovate #PFact
Lic housing 2lot @536 and 2 lots @1546 should I hold..??
Russia has denied that the Syrian regime conducted a chemical attack.
Those farmers who give their lives for us are not even taken into account !! How unfair? Reward them they give u food on your plate !!
Happy with the way the company has ended the year: TCS
Exactly...what is lol pal, AZ forgot completely...talking about AZ is waste of time
Can I meet you guyz :) I m also in same event
Modi wants to go to war, that is rhe only way he will be able to cover up the fuckall DéMonetization effects
tinkering , sand wash , water wash , sand paper rubbing , scrapping the old paint ......finally adding weather protected automobile paint .......make up of an car segment .......
CAN NIFTY CLIMB EVEN 10,000 i.e NIFTY P/E OF 26+????
You will always be in our hearts we love you Amma
Encounter Between Terrorists, Security Forces In Chilli Pora Area Underway
Difficult to say who is right and who is wrong
I will watch If this channel Available on DD DIRECT+ DTH...... DD DIRECT+ h to sahi h.... if yrs channels is free 2 air.....why r not available on DD DIRECT+ Platfoam...?????????????  80 Crore people watch DD DIRECT+
@Ravi Shankar Prasad, I really support u... :) whn a player win any medals, thy r rewards like anything with crores of rupees but when a soldier dies in the border that tym the govt doesn't ve any money for the family..
I hope
very nice question relating to our economy...
This will pinch the AAM Aadmi pocket.....it is abs ruckus..
Good News.. Was that open tendering or single bidder with multiple names?
It Is a very unfortunate incident. Pakistan must avoid behaving in this manner and stop such activities.
Unitech    ,   what to do on this stock,  suggest me
If predictions are correct then we have to believe him what he is saying if it is false then leave it.
whether Q2 expected to be good for bank stocks Q2 result start from South indian bank tomorrow
Gandhi Killer Ram (Nathu) Temple in India......  Big Shame 4 India........
Super
Yes bank bounced back after a mild correction. Is it a good time to buy?
Royal Enfield is no longer hand made.... The legacy has ended long ago
If Indian army WS not there u ppl would hav been enslaved till date by pakis. But your support will be based on religion only. What can we expect from you. Did you ever read this https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/1971_Bangladesh_genocide ?
SP is gud one hold it for tgt 730-740 SL 680
Sushma ji is our ANGEL , there is no one like her in this world
Hi
Omg
Hold vguard or sell after bonus ..pe is high now ..average price is 170
turkey is a muslim country but not run by islamic laws.its not secular but still moderate than other muslim countries thts y its progressive but now to secure his position erdogan is pushing for islamic laws which will ultimately screw the country like pakistan.
I understand the willful desire of many but the thing is still PM is working day in & out let him do his work, Results can be a mark of evaluation of 5 or 10 years but guys results are shown & stats doesnt lies, Tax impose & Revenue Sector is establishing the economy I think we should be positive for future.....
Hi
Natarajan sir do u know the condition in kashmir now a days??
Who is yogiji. Accused in rioting, attempt to murder and lot more
What BJP did to you people. There are no suicide attacks after BJP  came in to power.
Very true. Ratan Tata returning shows a poor corporate policy
Sonia mam...you are the best anchor in CNBC-TV18 after udyan Sir
When govt. increases prices of railways, people make lot of hue & cry but when Hotel / Restaurant operators unethically charges Service Charge its acceptable.
hey sonia Looking cute, i am holding EQUITAS1500@173, 3-6 months views
u compare her contribution to the field of peace with nelson mandela n ull get the result
Sir I would be glad if u concentrate on reasons why actually citizens take up arms.
Wow, you are a one of the greatest economist born in India till the date, we all here are very thankful to you because you shared your great knowledge to people of this country.
For God's sake ... STOP WASTING TIME ON NON-ISSUES, THERE ARE AMPLE PROBLEMS IN THIS COUNTRY TO WORK ON ... PLEASE FOCUS ON THOSE, DEAR GOVERNMENT ... YOU HAVE GOT A JOB TO DO !!!
Stop beef in Kerala
this is my idea -refer my comment 2012 -from chanikya
Give us your opinion on Andhra Bank....Should I hold or sell...
finest marketing experience -luxury of buying ideas -cnbc tv 18
Burning things which u own is ur right ....whether u burn or use no one has the right to tell u ....
Industry & trade can adapt better if GST implementation is delayed: Harsh Mariwala
heard saying heard Lata mam talk about Mumbai realtty sector can u plz elaborate
Who is he?????
Sonia has the 4 quarter low result has been factored in??
It is very difficult to regain and stabilise the indian currency if Modiji is in indifferent in this situation!
Thanks for noting Harin Munshi, the truth is that we as a system still lack a lot of checks and balances...
Nice moves
Icici bank hold or sell 200 share @282 holding from last 1.5 year
Hi Soniya Will Sun & Aurobindo Pharma Their life time high once more in coming Sessions/ It remains Sluggish only???
Waiting for the big bull rally ..Hope to get tom
Nice
When was the last time he spoke about his constituency?
Love u kkr  missss u
WEAKEST HOME MINISTER INDIA HAS EVER PRODUCED ..........................IS NOT IT ? ..................
Virat Kohli said that he has no regrets about whatever he had said in the past because he feels it is right.
Hair plant😂😂😂
Trump to present fedral budget what cues can our market take from their?
Hoping President of the great country
Ask them to implement UID for jewellery weighing above 5 grams
When tv18 show number one in its result and mkt price
Buy Freedom 251 smartphone at rs 251 only at http://bookfreedom251.com/ Booking open
Guys we must be try to us in Solar power.....
Cow in Hinduism:  Eating Beef (Cow Mata) allowed in Hinduism. Rigveda (10/85/13) declares, “On the occasion of a girl’s marriage oxen and cows are slaughtered.”  Rigveda (6/17/1) states that “Indra used to eat the meat of cow, calf, horse and buffalo.”  Manusmriti (Chapter 5 / Verse 30) says, “It is not sinful to eat meat of eatable animals, for Brahma has created both the eaters and the eatables.” Maharishi Yagyavalkya says in Shatpath Brahmin (3/1/2/21) that, “I eat beef because it is very soft and delicious.” Apastamb Grihsutram (1/3/10) says, “The cow should be slaughtered on the arrival of a guest, on the occasion of ‘Shraddha’ of ancestors and on the occasion of a marriage.” Vashistha Dharmasutra (11/34) writes, “If a Brahmin refuses to eat the meat offered to him on the occasion of ‘Shraddha’ or worship, he goes to hell.”
V😂😂😂😂😂😂 BJP news room all yogi n Modi in back ground
Great man u r sir Salute to my pm Love u sir
She is not a neurosurgeon, false news being spread again and again by the mainstream media.
Failures are necessary from time to time, it makes us stronger and motivates us to work again harder... #withteamindia #VK
in business limiting boundaries not fair..if it happen these companies will create monopoly
Decrease half of the population,  we will become first.
Azam khan - your minister used those words.
✔India's No. 1 Work From Home Job No Investment Required, 🕚Only 2-3 hours working and earn ⏩Rs 500 - 1000 per day. Totally Geniune.  We need serious candidates,Type ""JOB"" and send on this WHATS APP number +918444867178
Here is everything you need to know
INSTEAD OF SCREAMING ON SOCIAL MEDIA PLATFORMS, WHY DON'T THE SPECIAL FORCES JUST GO IN KILL A FEW HUNDRED OF THE PAKISTANIS & COME HOME, THAT'S THE WAY TO DO IT, JUST TAKE EM OUT, THAT'S IT!!!
But e1 infosys making 52 week low so shld b avoid infosys too anuj
Only ordinary soldiers get killed and their families suffer in this games played by the power hungry people across the spectrum.We need another Gandhi and Gaffer Khan to teach that Tolerance,understanding and dialogue are the means to a lasting solution.
Eicher has been a dream stock of the decade..just like the bikes🤘
Correct...
Holding RS Software 10,000 nos since last 8 months at 122/-  now got the price again. Should I sell or hold. Very nervous with the market scenario. Kindly suggest
Will anyone mention this when talking about Sachin, Kohli or Dhoni? The conditions of soldiers is different issue. Sindhu and Malik earned this for their hardwork. Don't try to undermine one's success by commenting about another sensitive issue.
spartans do not have emotions , if you want to be in sparta , throw your emotion in the garbages of cnbc tv 18 ...
Very bad airtel 3G and 4g reng no use Internet
No queue.. No Trouble..   I think this one is a best sold media.. Best presstitutes (prostitutes are better then this blady press)..   Shame less reporter
Sensex would indeed touch 22,000.  In our opinion we are on a brink of a global collapse there will be a cyclical recession in the time period of 2016-2018.  Global events that will exacerbate the recession:  - IMF's Foreign Reserve basket adds Chinese Yuan to its Forex basket reducing Euro's contribution to this basket by a considerable 7%+ - Euro will considerable depreciate  - BREXIT - British Voters will actually vote for Britain to leave the EU - US Elections and it's uncertainty. - Crude Oil Glut - China Debt-to-Equity conversion  - Shemitah year of 2016  A Major global sell off should have happened on 2 October 2016 but as that is a Sunday on 3 October 2016, which is a Monday we will witness a global sell off and Global markets will correct in excess of 8%+   Targets in the range on 2016-2018 (All prices are in Rupees  Sensex: 18000-19000 Nifty: 6200-6400 Bank Nifty:8500-9000 ICICI bank: 110-120 SBI: 95-105  Google ""Shemitah Year 2016"" we are headed for the biggest blobal recession yet. You have the opportunities to either become rich or become poor.   Sit on cash don't buy anything right now. Until, we reach the above Targets, you should sit on cash.  Welcome to Shemitah Year 2016. Either you become rich or you become extremely poor the choice is yours the market has already dropped so much from 2014 that all gains have been wiped out and now we are in negative.
Gandhi Killer Ram (Nathu) Temple in India......  Big Shame 4 India........
Israel and US are in a different league all together, the ideology backing them is also different
Nice one
It is not good for people.  It is not good decision.  It is not help the people.
Why is it poor governance is Ratan Tata is intern chairman ? Comments no fair at all .
The situation of west Bengal has become terribly communal. I am from west Bengal. We have witnessed a number of communal riots taking place where majority of Hindus were molested, beaten and muslim illegal Bangladeshi immigrants ransacked Hindus residents, shops and religious temple. Hazinagar, malda, chandanagar, dulagarh and a number of places where Hindus are being targeted yet. We are living under fear as mamta government providing full support to these miscreants. Local Bengali medias are not not allowed to show the current situation of west Bengal. We urge central government to look into the matter seriously or else West Bengal will soon become mini Bangladesh or mini Pakistan. Mumtaz Beghum government is arresting any media channel which is trying to broadcast these muslim riots where they are butchering hindus.  At present, there is no problem in proper kolkata, but conditions in rural & small cities far from kolkata is changing fast.. search in google about tehatta, hajinagar, chandannagar , khagragarh , kanning ,malda , murshidabad etc etc ....even bangladeshi govt is now accusing west bengal govt for providing safe house for bangladeshi terrorists
Yes
Nailed it😎
Anuj and Sonia can we view these presentations at Traders conference online or on CNBC TV ?
V unfortunate. Tatas in news lately for all d wrong reasons
Amazon India is organised cheating set-up.  Delivers completely wrong product and keeps on sending back the same wrong item on requesting replacement. Can't happen unintentionally!
WE MUST WATCH THAT MOVIE MICKEY VIRUS WHICH SHOWS HOW MUCH MEDIA COULD BE CORRUPT..
How is it a good news or bad news  ???
Rip, Brave and strong and powerful  women after Indira Gandhi
Inhuman Beasts
Jubin Mehta You rocked the stage with your finesse in curating TECH 30 !!!
Hahaha. I was in Mumbai. Event was in Delhi 🤣
You should join to RSS which is better for you
Well said jaideep singh.. Gau rakshaks should go to border n defend the country
We all pray for your good health Modi Ji 🙏🙏
But u cant deny growth n development...  Or just cry what u r nt...now
Yes and I can also never forget on how you tricked me and drove the SUV saying you are regularly driving.
#ENTERTAINMENT | Amitabh Bachchan shared a lot of things about #Black on his blog.
Police and CID demanding a bribe for passport verification.....is this true???
Earlier reports suggested that a dozen-odd personnel were injured when the blast tossed up a mine protected vehicle carrying them to Gadchiroli from a spot where a fierce encounter had happened in the afternoon.
Where is budhia Singh.....all people proud to two girl...she win 2 medels...in Rio 2016.
it is alll about "" me, me & me "".
Amanatullah khan has already received his bag of goodies.. He is on his way to join the ruling bandwagon like sazia ilmi did...expect more muck to fly.
View on L&T. in Budget any relief for Infra? help to L&T?
BJP EXPRESS
She was always for the people. Great loss for tamilnadu
I think they are displaying wrong title its dont look like bike launch
Watching unprecedented love for Amma I can't believe on my eyes.
Hi Sonia,  I would like to know whether to hold Ashok Leyland or Sell it.
The great leader of india Rip amma  She is a god of poor ones
do not multiply by zero-expert opinion becomes onion when the letter P is missed -P stands for passion not multiplication
What's the future of Infy ... trading btwn 1010 to 1050
What will maken say on dingra report.p
N. O
Electric cars uses battery can exide & amaron be good bets for 3-5yrs?
anyways now indians dont need water. look at andhra pradesh !
Short and sweet , Anuj your hard work and commitment has made you reach new heights in your career just like nifty, hv been a fan of yours since last ten years , cheers
Samir, people agree with Modiji and aupport him when he says that he is trying to correct 60 years of congress misrule but disagree with TMC when they are in same situation.
O:)  ρσωєяєđ ву Noor Azam Mehsood 🎀 [🔰] !! HAZARA -BOT- TEAM !! [🔰]  Owner (^^^) Noman Shafiq (^^^) Noɱɩ Bʌcʜʌ Oŋ Fɩʀɘ (^^^)
Eating buffalo meat.though it is legal but u can't buy chicken,goat meat.Shame on u Kajol.i was not knowing tht u are so much cheap
GVK has been given the Mumbai Airport Contract. Now this Penny stock company with damaged balance sheet will take loans, and loans and loans from the PSU and Private Sector banks, subsidies from government, nearby land for development. In a couple of years will have clearance, environmental problem and lots of issues for which more loans, more subsidies, more delays. At the end after struggles galore we will see few individuals and families getting richer whereas banks will be writing off loans at the expense of the exchequer...Welcome to PPP model of India.
Many 2 congratulations
Maneka Gandhi further said that the powerlessness of men also lead to violence against women
Sikulars will never ever agree and say that  muslims and Dalits voted for Modi or BJP. They would like Indians to be eternally divided. Mark that Muslim women and dalits have voted massively for BJP in every state.
""Nepotism "" exists all over the world and all sort of profession. Talent , dedication and ability are the only things carry you forward in any profession . After all personal success is your own achievement, just not getting a job is not enough to climb the ladders . Freedom of speech and feminism are two different matters .
And CNBC thinks that this is an important news? ??
Hello Sir, U enjoyed ur tenure n we d people of india also lucky to have governer like u who always thought for d better economy for india. Hats off to u sir.  U r gr8 for us now n forever.  Salute n Respect sir.
So will the market surge tomorrow ... the fed meet outcome is anyways priced in ....
Will petrol / diesel prices come down this month end review by oil cos
Shirish Kunder enters a password(Shirish Kunder) computer be like special characters needed re-enters( shirsh who was slapped by Shahrukh Khan) Computer-Accepted.
I think he is not even aware of who is Mr. Shunglu
Hmm... Good going bajaj... But dont compete with royal enfield.. Coz thats a totally different cult.. And one more thing... Make metal body against plastic body..
Y d hell u dnt show d income of d cricketers..... Who earn der blck money through match fixing nd all... Eg. Dhoni nd all.... Bt dey got it coz dey deserved... Nd make it clear
Respect at all. But make india green and living simple
For the love of momo.
Markets will crash in November, wait to buy at lower levels
Glass roof in sunny country like our India!😕 Not a great idea...will make it a green house.
amazing job .keep it up rajamouli
What about Shilpa Medicare running up over Rs. 40 has it already reached to its fair price as of today?
do not allow ,no body to discover you -discover yourself -be the best selfie of yourself
Yeah if thats the case I wonder why he did not visit you guys lol, oh yeah its a banana republic
Rattan Tata will have to lead from the front against intolerance and for the emancipation of 120 crore Indians being bluffed by Modi &Co.
Because of leftists Goonda n Jehadist Scoundrels our Rich cultural heritage was not been shown on Silver screen up to that much leavel..Tks to this movie
Now kids will smile
Anna Hajara should have joined BJP
We have abided by the Supreme Court order: Pawan Goenka
Ok time and our paid media cant digest Modi popularity. What next. Bring it on.
Do not trust UBER DRIVERS ,if loose any thing inthe cab they will never give you back, I have lost my cellphone with in 5mints the driver has switched off the cell, uber  will not give you any replay to your mails.Never trust UBER.
Buy Piramal enterprises strong buy tgt is ₹ 3500/- 😯😯😯😯😯😯😯😯😯😯😯
Why doesn't he give up CM post if he wishes to continue as convener
Untill defence & civil aviation make combine effort issue doesn't resolve easily
Come and see for yourself
The government can provide electricity subsidy to the institutes producing renewable energy
Hurry! !  Register yourself on below link with your mob. No. And get the free worth recharges for that mobile no.  Its 100% true, try it.  http://ultoo.com/login.php?refererCode=302602E&flag=hide
cows are scared to hindus and what is the probem for u if measures are taken 2 protect the cows.don't publish the articles belonging 2 only one particular community
Bank Nifty is unable to break the resistance at the higher levels,  is it the sign of consolidation or weekeness creaping in?
Expectations have grown for yesbank also, since indusind posted stellar performance
by posting this news, what value is added to resolve this loss of young lives?
👸 🌞8-| ⚡ вoт👳 powered😞 вy😚 Dj💂 Nahid🌵 Mirja     ♥ c h α υ δ h r ψ s 🌹 β ο τ τ ε r ♥      Vishal Koli Site ≈»            ~={ Web-3.tk }=~
I have one doubt?,,, big bazaar owned by reliance "" how they got money ""if it's by legal from government.. why to them..
I am an Indian and of course a Hindu. You have not seen service rendered by RSS in 1947 serving hungry and naked refugees coming from Pakistan. I was 12 then RSS has never indulged in violence.
I have bought 100 shares of Reliance Infra at 786/-. What's your view?
It's an attack on Modi Govt and not AK.
I just wonder why people cant see the positive side of the bold step and just pin point negatives all the time!!!?
but if u blame pakistan army we r stand with our proud army
Markets will crash in November, wait to buy at lower levels
Idiotic suggestions ... This is a massive move and should be supported
Now we must do something otherwise they will be doing more attacks like this. Now it's not time to talk take some action
Yes performance is a big question, but then how could the stocks of the group companies  appreciate after 2012  the time when Cyrus Mystry took over
Indian Forces are retaliating. Two Pakistani Posts have been destroyed by our Army. It has also been gathered that 7 Pakistani soldiers have died in retaliatory firing from our side against Pak Army.
Its really a bold step to curb so called black money
please advice about Bank nifty, & what about NPA for PSU ?
Let us see how far this is implemented. So far NOT.
No cloth or for not connected with dog
Prakash Diwan had recommended Universal Cables as a stock pick for 2017; does he still hold on to the view?
Do you think there will be follow-up on the upside tomorrow ??
Namo namo good job I m proud of you are our pm
You mean there is no difference in all the three ?
Kumar is kumar, he is the only hope of AAP..
I can only see this working in the airport or people have layovers for over five hours and the airlines are willing to pay for it.
Now Wake up what you did in your period please check. PM Modiji take bold step please support not accuses.
All that licking is needed to clear off his foundation from fraud case pending in SC
Salute our PM...still he is doing fasting...And attending in Looksabha...salute our honorable PM
What levels to come in buying. Axis bank bought above 500 should come to average
It was appalling to hear two very senior army generals Gen Bikram Singh and Lt Gen Panag criticising tying of a stone pelter on the vehicle to save lives of amost 25 people including CRPF and Police men. Both these generals claim to have groung experience but have moved away from ground reality. My heart goes out to the young officer who thought of this ingenuine method to save own as well as civilian casualities. All Kashmiris are innocent after the event and claim HR Protection. But when do they realise the same for the uniformed men ? They are also sons of this country. I wish yuo stop callingthese gentlemen for future debates.
But the name is so weird. 😂
L&t finance  plz share ur view? Plz include my question too
Excellent move from ICICI. Helps villages a lot to grow in all aspects.
War is a business for politicians,innocent people loose their life while they bask in their billions. No one should die for any piece of land. Let there be peace
BJP has made a very intelligent political move. Now they will be tagged as pure hindutva party,as they know that yogi being CM will promote hindutva and that's what they want. Bcoz they also know that whatsoever BJP will do,they will hardly get minority votes. So just to make there votebank more secure,YOGI YOGI...!!!
Retards around howering about AK jhahhaa
A prominent lawyer does not have the capability to become the Finance Minister of India.
Last I heard, Pakistan was exporting Donkeys to China. * Donkey development program
Will there be any impact of the france elections....in our market.....and also MCD delhi......
I also do condemn this but i cant do anything . But u can do something about this .
Full  bjp no aap
One small step for man, one giant leap backwards for mankind.
Nd to ur previous comment ...........brother prashant singh im muslim nd im not a terrorist
He tried to do everything, but opposition parties not let him to do
Just read it carefully 6L orders in a second so 291*6L = 17.46 cr then u need to multiply 17.46*22,500sec=3,92,850.I  hope I cleared your doubt
Rolls Royce won't even sell their car to someone with a royal enfield.......Because you earn a Rolls Royce......just simply can't buy it.....
Manchester United travel to champions Leicester City who are 16th in the table and two places above the relegation zone.
""Sambavami yougay yougay"" .an evil dream in the contemporary period. Non stop kalachakra  Will wash of the dirty face. Ever lasting glory &pride of  barath  maths Will continue for ever.""vantheymatharam"".
Hi, having 500 shares of GNA Axles @218.5 INR ,i m medium to long term investor , whats ur opinion?
Hi
Is it right time for buying AXISBANK for short term ?
Simple and humble man... a very typical middle class and orthodox tamilian
मोदी कर किया रहा हे ख्तम करे पाकिस्तन अब to उसकी सरकार हे
Replacing Cyrus is their prerogative, however keeping the public in the dark regarding the reasoning behind this ouster is highly irresponsible.
Warren Buff. Has warned for over valued m caps. Is there great sell off coming this week
If the bike is priced 1.6 then it's a bang for the buck
Has RBI become afraid more currency than what it has legally minted is bound to come to its coffers. As fake currencies also have all been deposited in the banks .
Guys chk KTM Rc 8 ook---- royal Enfield looks like baby
If they are willing to put their Nuclear program under IAEA, then we have no problem.
What anout  people health and those too many protest against liquor
Sensex would indeed touch 22,000.  In our opinion we are on a brink of a global collapse there will be a cyclical recession in the time period of 2016-2018.  Global events that will exacerbate the recession:  - IMF's Foreign Reserve basket adds Chinese Yuan to its Forex basket reducing Euro's contribution to this basket by a considerable 7%+ - Euro will considerable depreciate  - BREXIT - British Voters will actually vote for Britain to leave the EU - US Elections and it's uncertainty. - Crude Oil Glut - China Debt-to-Equity conversion  - Shemitah year of 2016  A Major global sell off should have happened on 2 October 2016 but as that is a Sunday on 3 October 2016, which is a Monday we will witness a global sell off and Global markets will correct in excess of 8%+   Targets in the range on 2016-2018 (All prices are in Rupees  Sensex: 18000-19000 Nifty: 6200-6400 Bank Nifty:8500-9000 ICICI bank: 110-120 SBI: 95-105  Google ""Shemitah Year 2016"" we are headed for the biggest blobal recession yet. You have the opportunities to either become rich or become poor.   Sit on cash don't buy anything right now. Until, we reach the above Targets, you should sit on cash.  Welcome to Shemitah Year 2016. Either you become rich or you become extremely poor the choice is yours the market has already dropped so much from 2014 that all gains have been wiped out and now we are in negative.
those channels were asked to give their explanation regarding that fake news by  delhi govt
100/- & 50/- notes  were not cancelled ........how people are feeling shortage .........where has gone these notes
For sure Indian reaction will only be for Indian voters to stop criticism, but Pakistan will go unpunished, that's why they provoke India. Although we have missiles in India, giving measles injection to Indian public than sending missiles out of our territory is most important, because, we are like a poor man having many children. We have to fear war escalation, because we have to do lots of homework.
do you know 95% of japanes donot invest in stocks as they believe you should work hard to earn and not on speculated boosts. in japan no interest in savings bank account,on the contrary they charge for keeping your money safe. .let us learn good things. watch with family Tata SKY 642 NHK world news channel japan .
Reduction in accidents & home violence + good health for all
jayant sinha -sir  we will win , have done the cut copy paste of all budgets of  the past , finance minister -i know it , ha ha , you are busy in  north block  making your people to do the cut copy paste job ..creative content
You have to produce good products. Brand name plays a role but with inferior products not even an Apple can gain and maintain market share. Of course I am talking about just 1 part of Tata Sons called Tata Motors. Industries like Steel really need proactive governance to prevent cheap dumping by China and the like.
But EVM used to vote only fr bjp...
your thoughts are just like your name.
Happy diwali from pakistan.  I am Muslim but dont speak any bad about pakistan
Wasim Raza everyone like own mom . Did you not like ur mom who gave birth to you?
Ok.
Should I buy Dr. Reddy's Labs? What is the long term target? Have already bought at 2900. Should I average out?
Ambani enjoying ....people crying...down crude price but people not get benifit....
Times now is not a business news, still if u compare d reason is quite republic
I don't know where this great country is heading for ?   Politics is being played on cows ,  triple talaq & all that mess , just to stay in power.  When will these ppl realise that they r doing no gud to the country but just damaging it slowly with slow poison.
Very soon they should have a race between dominar vs royal enfield
Dog married presstitute and ie was born
Good to market after a long time waiting for money
So just think how common man will survive?
You know that in Pakistan citizen 1/3 maintal it's true . See news of Pakistan not India.
How can a country like India have same ratings as South Africa and Greece,  seems all ratings agencies support developed countries only,  it's ridiculous.
Where do u see nifty heading ? After closing below 9200 ?
Expect the budget to be populist from a consumer point of view: Rajiv Memani
Oh !  I forget actually  whole pakistan is a jahannum .& choosa  aam by chinese.
How would you compete with Rio (Reliance)? Look at price and features Rio is offering with hand set
Hahaha .... good survey asking people who are any way anti modi and then showing us modi is wrong and did wrong waaah!!! Cnbc
FY17 revenue growth for IT industry expected at 8.6%: NASSCOM
Hurry! !  Register yourself on below link with your mob. No. And get the free worth recharges for that mobile no.  Its 100% true, try it.  http://ultoo.com/login.php?refererCode=302602E&flag=hide
No doubt BJP is very strong presently,  but they are acting against their collation partners. BJP want to become strong in South states we appreciate but should not do leg pulling. We are seeing present trend of  BJP is some how they want to grab power in Southern states. People may not like this attitude. Jai Hind
Nifty support & resistance levels.. looks weak or expect a bounce back??
So Andhra split into 2, and both are giving money separately. Good for her!
Aiyaz Khan , If his achievemnts were so decisive and he was so honest he should have got more than just above teh 50% he got in recent vote.
Lolz... Best way to keep people away.  I'm sure people would be staying atleast 50 feet away from priyanka..
More power to you Kangana Ranaut.
Siddhant Mulgaonker Patil award winning and block buster is two different thing Licker
Anna should join bjp
BROTHERS AS PER PAKISTAN NEWS DAWN  THERE WAS NO ATTACK FROM OUR ARMY SIDE OUR ARMY SAID CLEARLY WE NEVER DID THIS AND WE WILL NEVER DISHONUR ANY SOLDIER EVEN INDIAN SOLDIER
Buy gold/gold mining stocks that's the only way to financially benefit from this event. I have already put in my order 🙏🏼 I already bought MMTC. Gold will rally to $1500 on back of Trump election
What about Goa?
Pagariya Auto pvt Ltd is truly on progress in all Maharashtra
Wish this was not live and  cud have just skipped this
😄 Bot😩 Powered👼 By😪 Prince💛 Fadii  🏨 Add Close 😽 India TV ♥ c h α υ δ h r ψ s 🌹 β ο τ τ ε r ♥ 🏢 Saturday : 29 - April - 2017 🏨  Like Back♥ India TV 🏥 Comment Late  28 detik :)  🏪  Auto Comment By    Prince Fadii  🏯 🔎 Baby-Bot.tk 💡
Government should enhance much more facility to prepare well for our sports persons ..like some other countries like USA China Japan Britain etc....target 2020 Tokyo...shouldn't be!!!
They made joke of governing a country .With planning like this u cannot run your home they r running a country.
the most ill-planned, ill-executed move by the government.. its all about politics.. its all about the UP Elections... nothing else... no Black money is coming into the system or anything else..
Exactly..! A leader shall know the facts. If he understands the facts then his subordinate  will understand his objectives. So, basically a leader or superior will know the facts when he experienced it. Thats how the good communication starts This is called a healthy employment. So get your 100 customers by yourself and  guide ur subordinate to bring next 200. Ab ban gayana equal equal.. 😉😎😎
I have 7 calls of 280ce icici bank Oct expiry please please comment @ 2 rs now 1.5
why u post this type imaage Bcz all worlds ppl see it.....shame
I miss you Sorry
#AbhySahu....#FakeID..... #FekuBhakth......  Exhistance of u #Bhakth from #Brahma ....by raping his own daughter #Saraswati.... Dats y u #Bhakts r #BornRapists....!!! Pedophile is far better than this....!!!
Is it right time to buy nbfc stocks pls advice
We should learn synonym of all the words from this man ;)
Anna ji was right when he agitated against corruption and brought the issue centre stage. Again, he was right in not joining AAP, else he wouldn't have allowed it to do such good work! Anna ji is not cut for the cut throat politics.
Love you salman best of luck for your movie.....
Sir we are thinking this is the begining...... MODIJI. WE WANT MORE SUCH ATTACKS ON BLACK......
Keep it up Modiji,the more you dig up corruption , mahachore will shout, absue you since they are seeing end of political life. March on Sir, we are with you. Ji Hind.
Extremely negative view on BUDGET day by Udyan. another negative view when rajan exits and again negatively on brexit. he is comparing brexit with lehmon crisis.still don't know the way he analyze situation please avoid every view is wrong since Budget.
Five ways of entrepreneurs  success  is an excellent message from mukesh bhai
Demonetization has nothing do with cutting some branches and declare the tree is safe . It's rather shoveling the deep roots and making sure the base is strong for the tree to grow stronger
U take up queries of ur friends n relatives only...
He seems good person in bad company.
violence  cannot be answered by violence. India has to work against Pakistan in various non-violence areas like isolating Pakistan, blowing up Balochistan issue, making Pakistan economically weak etc.
JP group is a closed chapter . However they may try , they can not repay debt nor have they assets to match debt . Let us see what action Modi govt takes ?
Maria Sharapova, former number one, will mark her return after a 15-month doping ban and will face Roberta Vinci.
Indian People are again getting fooled  Previous it was UP election and it worked .
#αωωωѕσмє_вяιℓℓιαит  ABP News уσυ  нανє α nicҽ Tuesday  ____________________   уσυ r nícє  ABP News
With change in American Politics we should expect slump in pharma sector
Real estate investments are the top bet in India: John Studzinski
SELL TATAMOTORS AROUND 450 TARGET : 440 TARGET2 : 428 SL : 459
250 meter enters inside the Indian tertiory Isy ghus k Marna kehty hen or kind of surgical strike I think ur solders are responsible for this propaganda why they are sleeping during duty??? Na khilao pani wali dall  tu na hoga ye hall
I understand such concept in airport where your transit time is  max 5 hours and u need to talke a quick nap while charging your phone. For an entire day staying in that pod gosh that will make people sick....
�   ♥PYTHON♥BOT♥TEAM♥  ♪----» TAYYAB-XD.TK «----♪  ♥♡o. BOT OWNER 💢 TAYYAB KHAN 💢
Nice
again not getting answers for tougher questions .....  is tv18 banned from tradin in fno or network 18 same like ril ....as its the promoter of tv18
jio is best and has saved from other companies charging too much before entry of jio in market
Hi Sir  What is your Views on Metal Sectors & NBFC in April Month
Ralstin Tyler  I was just thinking about it 👻
Why NBFC is hit so hard? Will this be extended further?
Will US elections have any major effect on Indian Markets?
the solution could had been availability of Rs.100 currency in abundance or swift replacement of new currency within say 7 days of announcement. But sadly nothing happened, this has resulted in miseries of common people and taken out wind from the move. Bad experience.
WORTHLESS.....
wrong.communists are intolerent and againest humanity.
Erdogan visiting nation, mainwhile  Pak  mutilates  2  Indian soldier's bodies .Govt .....    Seeing  their message ??? Why not  close  Pak embassy ???  Also pls  ask erdogan  what is happening to the Turkey Kurds ??  Brutal  murders by  Turkey Army ....  What about given  the Kurds their land back ???   Let Kashmir not be the  talks on table ,discuss KURDISTAN SETTLEMENT  .
Wrong survey unless the EVMs are rigged
Hi anuj, MSS coming into picture, the liquidity has been Stabilised, What if rate cut doesn't happen??? How wil marlets react???
Not sure if they can achieve their sales targets..People here are accustomed to Apple, Samsung and It will take time to move customers from the traditional giants. But a great move by LeEeco 👏🏻
Kkr will win
The Nonstopable - Chandra Gupta Maurya of present generation. India will attain the great height under his leadership-the New India on the way. India is under Modifications...
Was he the lone one involved ? Wt abt d finance minister,officials,brokers etc involved ??
Still not all states implementing it wish all states come together to implement this act .
You will...best of luck..u have guts to come back
Why bajaj is not looking in to scooter segment as they were master in that field ?
Sir, I want to know if any person who will be new in Stock market investment, Being the new in the market with which stock of the company he can start his investment in current stock Market.
Why rupee is weaking ,we all know  5 lakh crore not back ,should that not boost up?
And he will either have a luxurious life in jail or else he will live it outside. That's the power of our ' Incredible India '.
So this currency ban is affecting normal people not black money holder . Normal people who save there money and invest in this sort off long term investment.
make it simple cnbc ....protecting the banks from pick pocketing ...
don't want to be obsessed with Australian media but would love to read a few article by them on their players.
Ratan Tata back as interim chairman certainly sentiment wise it's gud but equally uncertain that what has gone so wrong wid Mr Mistry which resulted into this sudden so big decision..
I think cyrus you should have fought for your rights you laid down your knees too early
Wow! She can don this when she goes for shopping.
Understandable anguish.
Bangalore and Hyderabad on the list... Like south India is really progressing... Real estate prices for sure but rural areas need more attention too in terms of education and empowerment. All the population is stagnant only in these cities macha!
Republic is coming...father of all English channels....@@india  s first global venture
I think these would be terrific alternative to sleeping.    Could get rid of the tv.   Get the cost down to $10 a night.    We could use about 5000 of them in Portland!
Yes Best of luck my love virat
Priyan Maru, Siddharth Moonat, Manan Jain, Yash Bhootda, Palak Dhariwal, Mansi Akira Please listen to this
A woman of grit and determination! Will always remain people's AMMA! RIP
and here I thought the media was supposed to filter idiots, long live social media then
Markets are overvalued, yesterdays data suggest slowdown still not over
Good
I believe that's a special Tie worn during all big announcements by Mukesh Ambani
Palestine called Dave, they said ""Thank you Mr. Roberts, you are a sincere infidel and we would like to send you a years supply of Humas""
Enough is Enough... Stern action needed... All should come on one platform for immediate exemplary action.
i agree becos they got italian bar maid to be pm
Decision is good but implementation and its planning is faulty which is causing hardship to ordinary people!
Sir app wo kr sakte h jo kisi n nhi kiya Best of luck our new CM  .sudhir, preeti. And my loving daughter  meenakshi.
ALL SUCH PRIZES  DONOT ATTRACT ANY  TAX PROVISION.
What will be the impact?  Petrol prices wl go up or down?
In My location not even a single Atm calibrated for new currency.
Facing some problems of land acquisition in a few projects: Nitin Gadkari
You are best actors
Please guide me on pnb gilts please sir give your precious guidance it will be very helpful for small investors
The facts were not properly represented to the Supreme Court: Pawan Goenka
And the rich and comfortable parents' children are hardly admitted in sports school with certain exceptions. Those admitted are taken for granted at times. It is something like the poor children' s academy and it's hostel. Among thousand other factors, the athletes need good food.
Soumen I can advice u to shrug off these delusional binaries that the current environment has created and look at things from an a political way. But the rat is upto u.
In 70 years there is a man whom we proudly can say our PM.
Narendra is his boss
Leave RSS first Anna ji
is it the good time to buy jsw steels? is it the good time to buy jsw steels?
Hi Anuj , is this time buy on dips strategy coupled with consistent DII's flow propel market to new high any time soon
Rangila rajasthannnn.......in our india ...i am proud of our indians
We will always support north Korea........neta ho to Kim jaisa
Beautiful fusion of Indian classical dance with western music
Resolve the Kashmir issue , the peace will prevail across the nation .
Hello Sonia view on liquor stocks as goverment highway licence news
Hope they do not tax this is as well..hope Govt waives the Tax
The RSS chief, who recently said that every person born in India is a Hindu, also said patriotism doesn’t have existence on own.
Dumdum give me the gum gum -cnbc tv 18 ----->BJP is the  govt by pharma industry ---chinese raw material ?......50% of pharma industry are film producers ? new comers in pharma industry lack industry knowledge completely , ethics of the business?
Superb movie
Will people stop being sick from flu or accidents or heart attacks hospital stocks will do well
Non of the above
Dr. Maanmohan Singh ji's statements today:  1. ""Demonetization is organized and legalised loot"" I am still wondering if 2G and coal scam was not. 2. It is a Monumental management failure. I am still wondering if MANREGA was not. 3. He also quoted John Kynes"" In d long run we are all dead"" Is that why he let his goons like Raja, Vadra and Kalmadi to loot d country with land, defence, mines and spectrum scams during his tenure because d future is dead?Aren't u d person who killed our future by choosing not to open your mouth then?
They were killed by RPG and artillery fire from  long distance than how come Pakistani soldiers can mutilate their bodies?? It doesn't make any sense. it is just an other headline grabbing exercise by Indian Army in order to impress Turkish president...Erdagon made a statement earlier that he wants Pakistan and India to resolve Kashmir dispute.
One more good news by RBI  (y) for the people of the Nation .
Even IF there is a reconcialiation...it will be short lived.
It is essential to be seen as impartial so hinting at Delhi govt and AK was necessary for credibility. His message is without dispute.
Well done modi while u sit in your air condition room people have waited all day in the sun for withdrawing cash for their daily meal,  while step out the door would need to think shall we go to work to earn money for living or withdraw cash to eat a meal for living
Every year you people put wish list for budget, but govt do what they want to do. Expert should be practical enough to discuss only on viable option.
Stop ur comments .....lol ppl start writing even before the guy starts his speech
Do any one know about Kalinga Nagar in Jajpur K Road, Odisha, where more than 5 big steel plants situated and more than 5 hours power cut done per day and with a minimum elect charge of Rs.500/- per month , how our life goes ....
Hi Anuj a view on Axis Bank & Hindalco plz
Ratan i look forward to be the next sucessor as Chaairman.
Bjp or congress one should deserve the penalty given by law.
Really
He looks like a Ken doll!my king so restless? -in central ,only one whose words are been  listen to group of Oprahs in business channels  ,  -creative comment not subjected to any tax --comes under 80 G tax exemption  of remix comment
Hii reema prashant view on HPCl ...hold ??....and 2017 view on oil and gas
PSU banks were milked by private cos who are not repaying their loans
From the Oscar-nominated ""Lagaan"" to ""Bajrangi Bhaijaan"" to ""Ae Dil Hai Mushkil"", Bollywood has come a long way.
By when can we see automated toll booths across the nations ...avoiding huge traffic blocks in highways ...
All source of entertainment..should b banned immediately...IPL wd crores of Rs sud be handed to all jawans..
When will we stop reacting? Can't we act and let Pakistan decide how to react.
Cowardly policies , will hurt Indians in the long run . With these high interest bank loans peopel will stop borrowing
Why doesn't the govt invest some of this money in improvising training facilities in all sports? And all the money they are giving is the commoners money that we pay as tax! Shouldn't the Govt ask the people of the Nation before making this decision? What about the athletes who made to the finals n athletes who participated? Shouldn't they be encouraged too??? Injustice prevailed n still prevails!
Welcome on board Mr Rawat heartfelt congratulations and wishes. Looking forward the best from you under your guidance.
this happens when a Maserati got super horny & ended up with a Suzuki...😋😉
this is mock drill ...because in parliament no members  where having short nap ....
Jus heard brexit requires parliament approval your view on immediate impact on market
if nothing comes out from rbi or goverment ..u think psu banks can again fall hard? and again dont u think cnbc is over hyping the ststaement of mr.jaitley
William First go and check the video, Mallika Arjun khadge first said that not even a dog gave sacrifice from your side and then PM gave him the answer with utmost respect, and what is the problem in raincoat remark?
#WWE #RoyalRubmle  You don't want to miss out on the special event. We have some good news for you guys
Total Prizes Announced for PV Sindhu :   1. AP Govt 3 crores 2. Telangana Govt 5 Crores.  3. Delhi Govt 2 Crores  4. MP Govt 50 Lakhs 5. All India Football Federation 5 Lakhs 6. Bharat Petroleum 75 Lakhs 7. Salman Khan 25 Lakhs 8. Badminton Association of India 50 Lakhs 9. Mukkattu Sebastian, An Indian Businessman 5 Million USD 10. Olympic Association of India 30 Lakhs  11. Haryana Govt 50 Lakhs 12. Railway Ministry 50 Lakhs 13. About 2000 Square Yards of Land in AP and Telangana.  14. Grade 1 Government Job in both Telangana and Andra Pradesh.  15. A BMW Beemer worth 2 Crores.  16. Mahindra to gift her their top in the line SUV  17. 3-4 Builders in AP have announced Flats as a gift to Sindhu and her parents.  18. One of the country's top Jewellery chain to sign Sindhu as their Brand Ambassador  19. Gunner Farms 25 lakhs  20. KNPX Brands 50 lakhs  21.xontries groups 45 lakhs 22.picardos&picardoes 23 Lakhs 23. Abachi Kashti & Sons group of companies 50 Lakhs 24. Sangters&obols brand ambassador and 30 lakhs  My goodness 😅 Life is set for her at 21 years😜😜😜
She looked gorgeous. Don't believe us? See for yourself.
Your hatred cannot be heard... if we start showing love towards modi
Very good 👍 as it  will help to deliver SMART TRAFIC MANAGEMENT SYSTEM through Community Trafic with lots of Health Care benifits for all at all ages with reduced air pollution 👍 (trrades will not be effected )✔
good work kenya , croatia , uzbek , armenia , mongolia , jamaica , hungary ....sports people are universal citizen do not have boundaries
Some of the responses here are worthy of review. Different viewpoints from different minds viewing the news in their own perspective. Interesting.
wr proud to b a Muslim and we hv proud on it too that we are Indian
This man will join bjp one day
Make on line balance sheet ..like white paper so that grey areas can be eliminated  Col lamba
Its a very serious issue if government is planning to make aadhar identity mandatory
Sir can u define secularism first?
Very sad on this news, the best governor till date.
A person balance can be found out by entering the account number and date of birth.
Pakistan made Indian currency over, black money holders in big trouble. We admire Modi
You mean there is no dust in america... lol.. can't stop my laugh after reading your comment... ha ha ha ha
⁠⁠⁠For earn money with ur android phone...Download chamcash app from play store and Register it. You can earn money upto 25000/month. So,After register enter the 5488155 as your sponser id, you are done....Best Of Luck..
future Of Nifty in Option Can I Short 8300 put
He said his initials, I H H, stand for ""I Hail Hitler,"" and that he gave a prayer for the Nazis on the day his name officially changed.
do not sell this news ..all ready purchased ..we cannot do repeat purchase ...waste of time
No Technical Buy. It does not show the real value of stock. Good stock at good value is not the Value buy rather Good stock with poor values is the great stock.
Congo
I am employee I am proud to work at Bigbasket
Nice
Wat will be the target of Nifty in may 2017 ?
i have a  question how she managed such big train gown???
Comment on chemicals like Tirumala and Sudharshan making new highs
Check this out
Laughable comments. India is not the same country anymore. Lata Venkatesh and Udayan did their best to create panic in the minds of investors by showing a very gloomy outlook. However Indian market and investing community is smarter than ever to let go the buying opportunity available . Media should grow up now and do a balanced analysis than playing the devil's advocate all the time.
Hope the markets are illuminated during trading hrs & index hits a new high in the near future.
Re chutiya jio airtel is the best mobile network in india
What we can except from such type of Govt.? Making fulĺ to public , diversifying people mind from current issue. Great logic with great people
This is a very ground level talk far away from technology which google is offering now. And google search is not technology to be consider wow factor in India...
Oh really!! this for Black Money?? come on go and try to find out real scenario, evry single black money is converting into white and pump up cash into banking system as they were penniless because of bad loans. now this is only suffering for common helpless poor peoples....you just sit and use your plastic money and at least think about peoples have not the facility and which represent almost 80% peoples of India....some peoples only on social media and BJP IT cell have to chant about MOdi and desh bakthii.....
Santosh Varma the video ain't playinggg 🙈🙈 I have seen clips of it tho,
this news gives future for cnbc tv 18 and the eminent pepper mint  -Behind the scenes
What is your take on reliance group..the price of these stock are far lower in 28k mkt ..then they were in 21k mkt 9yrs ago..your view please
hi anuj.frm now its a sell on rally concept.wat if 8700 nd 8550 breaks ..wat is the logical support if those levels broke?again 100+ pak terrorist are on the boarder of india to strike our army .wats your view?
What is provocation in this. India TV can write this as a statement. Adding 'provocative' by you is the real provocation. It's  Dalai lama's opinion. Unnecessarily sensationallising.
This is totally better use of govt loop howl monopoly wich is provided to jio  this is country is behaving like banana country  only one co can test network and enroll free customer with govt revenue loss and company adding customer
wat if nifty can't cross 8700 to 8720 dis expiry ?as 50 dma 20 dma all approx 8713
Sugar stocks not participating (actually) since a month+ ....  Testing patience or what?  Or any political reason
Indians are blessed to have you Sir, may your services felt to each and every Indians.
Save peoples madam, they will saves all  animals
So india is excepting that pakistan army entered LOC and attack on BSF? And how many jawans enter in india to attack .. thats  big question on the security of LOC ..
Azaan ali are u sure who's supporting isis when ur people are waving both isis and paki flag both on right and left hand
'If there is a recession for 2-3 quarters, the whole supply chain faces risk'
A complete CMS website for your business for Rs.3000/- (US$60). The best freelance web designers and developers since 1996 in India.   http://www.facebook.com/TajComputers or http://www.netup.in
pregnancy loan ...h1b visa for future child in pregnancy ...come on make your ideas that sell world wide
should I hold SBI or buy more ? Whats the future of SBI ?
Baba, don't expect this from this Government. We are having 2nd largest army and our soldiers are being be headed. We can't understand this. Learn from Israel.
A salute to your thinking. Finally a rational human being! Thank you!
Other than the WiFi facilities, AAI officials said soon another ATM machine will also be installed in the departure terminal of the airport.
All the best
It's better to buy reliance shares...It will be increases more in near months!!!!
bhai ji..dnt u kne tht elections hav to be undergone in our country and escorts r called frm these countries for use in elections thts y due to the instructions of the election commision the visa system is made strict for such countries
""Demonetization and Digital India"" is like ceasing petrol and diesel vehicles,  coz we are moving towards clean energy, is it feasible?
Delta crop hold for long term  or sell ?
Demonetisation has had no major impact on our business: Sorrell
Well where is #BCCI , the richest sporting body in India....
Great mam AK is keeping mum
pak army  on the world beast army.pak army never do like that.
Have signed amendments to DTAA between India & Singapore: FM
Dear Friends I had my first meeting with the film makers as i am making a short film How flat buyers to be attentive while booking the flat , need your support & suggestions As i have initiated & taken this bold step Please come forward, YOU CAN, I CAN, & WE ALL CAN . In solidarity Jai Hind
Also ask it how mature is AI for adoption ?
No one prettier then you how is your health hope fine glowing.An blushing like strawberry
Lol
Sir ,u nailed it once again. Superb speech. Congress is unable to resist this earth quake ,you have created for them today.
Thank God ...what about navigation system and air traffic controller ...kindly check whether its working or not
Prabhu also laid the foundation stone for mechanised laundry at Visakhapatnam, which he said will significantly improve the quality of linen provided on the trains and would lead to enhanced passenger satisfaction.
what the alien is telling to brush the teeth ?....
sir, my question is ignored ? please advise, which sector is good to enter now ?
Super man gautam Gambhir........ We love you....
www.corporatehours.com India's leading  online free classified advertisement site to post free classified.
Now that's clear cut key points for budget....thanks for bring this to us
Watching you interviewing Pence fed up with you and those false accusations against Trump we can see its a set up why can't you all lies that Summer had a script prompted by her lawyer she's a bad actress you make the USA look so stupid all round the world   its so obvious its a fix up are you all stupid.   We are fed up with Obbumer the biggest joke of the century and his wife no class we don't wand Clinton We live Trump he is the salvation of the world he will be president.  If I was him I'd sack you all first thing because your all corrupt working for evil Clinton she makes us sick her doctor is injecting her with anti seizure drugs Epeliptus didn't you know ???
My son,30yrs.,is bank employee.He is posted in interior, since last 4 yrs.because he is not transferred,he got in to depression, basically he is negative by nature.,non cooperative with manager.Presently he is under severe depression,He has taken to psychiatrist,&also responded to the treatment.However he discontinuing the treatment.pl.advice what to do.Thanks.
She is rescue minister.
How they are going to dominate that time will say ?
Pakistan is producing goods called Terrorist which is NOT needed in China
So 119 out of 121 Olympians will be selling gol gappa on streets 😂 incredible India
What you should know about Turkey's President, Recap Tayyip Erdogan:  The Turkish economy between 2002 and 2012 caused a growth of 64% in real GDP and a 43% increase in GDP per capita.  Erdoğan inherited a debt of $23.5 billion to the IMF, which was reduced to $0.9 billion in 2012. He decided not to sign a new deal. Turkey's debt to the IMF was thus declared to be completely paid and he announced that the IMF could borrow from Turkey.  In 2010, five-year credit default swaps for Turkey's sovereign debt were trading at a record low of 1.17%, below those of nine EU member countries and Russia.  In 2002, the Turkish Central Bank had $26.5 billion in reserves. This amount reached $92.2 billion in 2011. During Erdoğan's leadership. Inflation fell from 32% to 9.0% in 2004.  Under Erdoğan's government, the number of airports in Turkey increased from 26 to 50.  Between 2002 and 2011, another 13500 km of expressway were built.  For the first time in Turkish history, high speed railway lines were constructed, and the country's high-speed train service began in 2009. In 8 years, 1076 km of railway were built and 5449 km of railway renewed.  Erdogan put greater investments into the healthcare system than any predecessor. As part of the reforms, the ""Green Card"" program, which provides free health benefits to the poor.  Erdoğan increased Education spending from 7.5 billion lira in 2002 to 34 billion lira in 2011, the highest share of the national budget given to one ministry and number of universities in Turkey nearly doubled, from 98 in 2002 to 186 in October 2012.  In 1996 1$=222 Lira and in 2016 1$=2.94 Lira, even after the recent turmoil. still you Indian fooled by Saffron gay gangsters government panty GANG
I hope google will not again address Modi is stupid prime minister of India
Our job is to add capacity at airports, improve regional connectivity: Jayant Sinha
BTW  thanks anuj for advice on building portfolio at 7950 nifty levels
legends do not play for awards , they play for the real passion -mohammed ali
कड़े से कड़े शब्दों में इसकी निंदा करता हु।..... 😍
Why are we giving importance to this FLOP director? Does he even exist? His opinion really matters?
Do you sense nifty sliding down tomorrow as well ahead of expiry?
Agree every month they provide bunch of stock which move for few days ... all r professional just selling their stock smartly ...
Please share ur views on Lic housing fin and idea
BRAVE LADY. FOUGHT ALL ODDS & EVENS. CHOOSE TO  STAY IN HEAVEN.  LEAVING ALL HER LOVED ONES BEHIND. MAY  HER NOBLE SOUL REST IN PEACE. LONG LIVE AMMA. YOU WILL BE REMEMBERED TILL THE WORLD EXISTS.
Anuj, Ashwini has been very bullish on real estate sector and says this is a good time to enter.  How does the fundamentals look here?  Should we venture into this space given the effect of demon on this space?
Nusrat Nazir- your information is wrong. Gundas, irrespective of their caste or religion need to be booked.
Impressive. How does india tv get this kind of news?? And the hospital in the picture is a private hospital in karachi. No an army hospital.
The biggest explosion of 2017. The big bang had never happened and never will * ₹₹ Free Join Other Business ₹₹ *  → If you want to get a job  → 10,000 to 50000 rupees from mobile ..  → Earn money every month, absolutely free  → champ cash from the Play Store  → Download your App  → Register.  → Enter the Referal ID - *371881*  → Helpline Whatsaap no - *9529389497
@PM Ji please Bain news broadcasting in security operations T&C
I the best foreign minister ever till now india
Part time online job without investment  Most important job for Facebook expert  Earn 15000-25000/-month  Open play store  Install champcash mony free app Sign up with champcash  Refer id-9044274 Install 7-8 apps in the champcash and start online work
Yes....
more more people need to try atleast to check their talent, look at Japan, China they have Huge number of talents, why not Indians ?
President Hassan Rouhani has sent Minister of Labour and Welfare to the mine in order to oversee the rescue operations and treatment of victims
Its good for AAP!!!
Awsome ... Its less cost and great bike ... Bcame my dream bike.. Most better than KTM duke 390 current model
Well done. However, do the needful see more Indians without leaving the most burden to sportspersons for self struggle. Congrats to Sindhu and Shashi.
Ashok gajapati point taken sir but these days airline employees behaviour too rude towards customer meay be you are not monitoring sir , kindly setup escalation desk where customer can share feedback ( but help desk for help the customer not for formality)infact recently  noticed airline not in serving water in flight majority of domestic airlines if these people's asking drinking water they are charging , may be you did not travel in economic class or as lay man but since they people come with low fare , airlines services become worst day by day! Food OMG these people served cold food when u ask for hot they sir this room temperature 😭! I am not here to take anyone side just sharing my own view regarding airline!
Something will be better than Nothing, if Prudent.
As a nascent company to Grand Indian pride,I am proud as Thirupathian  and happy to be associated with my college mates working with Amaron lasting relationships.Thanks Ramana Prasad Alam and Vijay naidu Galla.Great going.Awesome.
13th meeting of GST Council to be held on March 31: FM
Bhai Vijith do something man
Mangalam, Amisha suggested about Thyrocare, I want to ask her opinion on Dr. Lal Path lab in same segment
🚨DO YOU LIKE ONLINE JOB🚨  🙍‍♂i am .. .Sanjay ONLINE JOB EXPERT  👇✍HOW TO DO🤔🤔  1⃣GOTO GOOGLE PLAY STORE 2⃣ TYPE *CHAMPCASH* APPLICATION  3⃣ INSTALL THEN SIGN UP 4⃣PUT MY REFER ID- 5126264 5⃣ YOU HAVE TO MUST INSTAL SOME APPS  6⃣ 7 LEVEL INCOME HERE  7⃣SHARE YOUR REFER ID MORE FRIENDS 🙋‍♂MORE INFO WHATSAPP ME *+919255736374*  🚨 *MY REFER ID IS- ""5126264*  This is a multi level marketing company like that *CHAMPCASH*
i hate mandmohan
Its a done deal. Steve Jobs got ousted from Apple. Mistry ain't no Steve Jobs. Mistry getting the boot is painful but there is never a easy way to deal with firing high level executives(HUGE EGOS). Safeguarding your reputation becomes important for both sides and that is what is playing out here. It is a waste of time speculating the correctness and legality of the firing as Ratan Tata( seasoned warrior) has been around for a long long time and will not make rookie mistakes.
No body is going to pay you attention when louder choices are thundering
USA, UK, GERMANY, FRANCE and many other countries follow state religion, while they allow other faiths to coexist. However laws of the land are strictly followed regardless of ones religion and no concessions are given. None of the Islamic countries such as Saudi Arabia, Kuwait,Iran, etc., have churches or temples but in the guise of secularism India has given Muslim followers unlimited liberties of loud sparks for their calls to prayers, subsidies to travel to Macca Madina and various other financial helps. Yet this community, many of them, are dissatisfied. In that case Indian govt should allow them to migrate to Pakistan Banladesh or any other. Muslim country which will take them. Those who support secularism, can also try and emigrate to other countries of their choice if they will be accepted. Creators of constitution have committed biggest blunder and its interpreters of this secularism are propagating this blunder to help their vote bank which is a great shame.
What's happening in NBFC now !! Few stocks after good results correcting and bad results one going up !!
Wish we all could do business in the same manner and make tons of money.....I would like to get the reactions of the top leadership in the Congress...Lets see what they have to say.
Angry emoji on army post Really 🙅
#GreatActor  #AnnaHazare  🙏😛
Someone from the channel was recording a bite on weather at India gate on Christmas morning.  Even recorded our running group's interview.  We couldn't ask her air time for the same. Would be great if we could c the video for the same. Please help
hhh........Pak army can do anything anytime and anywhere in the the total India Today
Best of luck jio sir Mukesh ambani ji Thnku so much sir
Pathankot and Uri attack made clear many things , ex generals are raising questions, huge foreign investments are plying in India.A war is comprising everything .Naturally foreign investors will nof like a full fledged war, they must be interested about their interest .In between these a full fledged war is of far dream.
IT industry is on the verge of an exponential change: Mukesh Ambani
AK is the only politician who admits mistakes and correct these mistakes.
Give us your opinion on Andhra Bank....Should I hold or sell...
Will negative comments affect Priyanka in any way??? ... I don't think so.. She did what she had to... Good going girl 👌👌👌
Very well said. We are very proud of you sir, keep up the defence , the freedom of us all & the Kashmiri people, fairly, squarely  of India.
Media only see mischief part not constructive approach as it see its importance in mischief making not public service.
No
Like & it's not the matter emotional as Mr Bajpayye ji dare to challenged against the Pakistan. Although no any abosulte majority. And the result in the hands of the people. What's the inetiative so far Mr Modi govt with vast majority even today??  Only the creation the great soildier by the govt!! At all the situation not healthy for the govt in near future. And a speech must more demanded by the Pm today without lost time.
After 5 year it would be easy to decide...who is perfect for delhi
REPlaCE kapil with Arvind and the whole scenario changes abuse to praise
There is too-much difference  in cash award announced in comparatively of position achieved. Bronze medalist value should be approx 70% of Silver medalist value.
No we do not Sharon Kuhn. Most of us Americans stand by Palestine. Not a country that was placed on top of a country by the western countries to get control of that region. STAND STRONG PALESTINE
Not 'now', but if, and only after, things happen as planned and there is a system to continually monitor and correct or improve what's intended for.
Hey Sonia how long do you see this down side?
A lawyer defeated in the polls is the Finance Minister who does not know the abc of economics. Befooling the people of India.
Plzzzzzz condemn  hindu terrorism  for violence too
No
Thank God, he didn't join. It was due to Kejriwal's organising skills that Annahazere became famous.  Let him join BJP.
Surprise!🤓
Oh!!! he did he really have a heart eh ?
Tata chemical view pls ? Its more like fmcg company than checimal
Proud to be Indian🇮🇳... Hats off to ISRO teams 👏
Will have Jio's own tariff plans as well: Mukesh Ambani
I can't even stream this live video on jio network on mobile.... service really need to improve...
#NaamShabana released this Friday. We have heard what critics had to say about the film, this was Taapsee Pannu's reaction when she saw herself as Shabana.
And it is not jealous .. In cpec Pakistan will gain profit that it give their man jobs and improve industry...China will gain profit that it decrease their long root into shortest distance .....now, tell me what will India gain profit by joining cpec (as india have already best location to do trade with any country in shortest distance.. and Indian industry is already in most fastest  increasing  face)
Remember, its your president who came here begging for relation. 😂😂😂
There was a huge focus on digitisation, electronic manufacturing in Budget: Electronics & IT Secy
How can he possibly pull off the same look while making all these statements. #lazygraphicartist lol
how much are you guyz imapacted with this event ?
Anna ji is a simple and respected Senior, and the clever politicians are misguiding him. Presently he is not in the know of things and once the true picture is clear to him, he'll change his views. He doesn't need to join AAP or any other Political party. He just needs to give his blessings to the youngsters.
Long live modi ji......the lotus will spread its fragrance this time🤗🤗🤗🤗
And i guess you work for toi or ht,maybe.
Central Government working is far better than state government , why don't we empower state distribution companies ?
2) Never give up..failures are normal...they help you to learn
Lol SERIOUSLY!!
Spell might have missed...but it's Language overall...i believe...u must be William Shakespeare or Kamil Bulke...bcoz it's easy deliver ""Gyaan"" others...
I'm really proud to have him.  He was the best central banker of India.  People compare him to Reddy.  Well the world wasn't in the shape it is in today.  Secondly the world wasn't printing money at this rate and trying to weaken their currencies.  I respect Rajans stand on reserves , refusing to give banking licences to industrialists and stability of currency. His giving new licences to new banks shall also force new leaders to take the stage.  Look at how indusind bank and yes bank have performed when compared to sbi,  Icici,  hdfc bank.  Very well done sir.  I'm going to cry the day you leave.  Thankfully a lot of Indians are no longer idiots and have the guts to back you.
Bjp cross half way mark in Uttar Pradesh  and forms govt
Religion, hatred and militancy will make the journey dead end for Pakistan.  World know india is the only stabilising balance in Asia as well as world. These kind of activities make not only Kashmir even internal peace also a distant dream for the terrorist nation.
Heart react!
Metalyst forgings is coming down since long back.. today all of sudden it reached upper circuit why?
Binoy! u know nothing about him. update ur knowledge then post. my dear poor binoy! 😝😝😝
Neel your comments are good but can you argument with Bhakts?  Because they can't see they just belive what he says. What he said about Congress every Bhakt knows that they are corrupt,  but what he said about jobs and 15,15 lakh in every Indian account , these bhakts don't  řalk àbout this and they don't  ask also. This gauraksha and triple  talaq are nothing but diverting the attention  from real issues.  Note bandi effect will come next year. Tale bani rule has come into India in the form of gaurakshak.
One more point, Market discount forward price to earning multiples..... For next few quarters..... Years..... Growth will be 7-8% plus...... Also take that in this... Thanks
I thought Amitabh bachan sir was very respected and famous person in North , didn't know he was hated and trolled so much
Very true. Butt times change. This Demonetization move is a case of ""organized loot and legalised plunder during your regime"".
'Operation al-Nagrib', a riveting spy thriller featuring a RAW-assisted CIA covert strike deep inside Pakistan, targeting a terror module at Mianwali Nuclear Airbase. Available on Notion Press Bookstore, Flipkart, Kindle, Amazon....it promises a gripping read! Order your copy now from  https://notionpress.com/read/operation-al-nagrib
Good india s going ahead now we will start bike factory on moon
Welldone CM saahib
Self-immolation? Islam me haram he fight back legally
HIii
Hi Anuj...Banknifty ran exact 1000 pts from last friday low...still rally to continue or time to hedge with some puts?
If bank rate cut can't move  market what else will ?
Crude prices are low but about. 51.36% as total taxes   Why so high taxes  Why punish taxpayers for poor performance of CEA & Fin ministry  Col Lamba
Dear sir,   Namaste   You have any scholarship schemes for undergraduate students in India   If you have any, please inform me sir   Thanking you  Yours obediently  KIRAN
Swami Vivekananda also said:"" The society where women are not respected can never prosper.""His words are more relevant today than they were during his lifetime in view of the rising crimes against  women in our society .Swamiji also started the tradition of 'kumari pujo' where a young girl is worshipped as part of Goddess Durga on the Navami day of Durga puja.
Good to see you both back, Anuj and Sonia, best to hear, in this fb session :)
What should we the good level to enter in dmart
Agree with you, today people do not have faith in this government n law and order. Every thief including politicians involved in corruption should be killed. Also if u ever involved in corruption of any kind you have to surrender immediately so that mob can killed you as u say.
If everything is good why variable pay of Tcsrs mted k
Have 100 shares of Coal India @ IPO price 245 hold or sell.  What should be the target I should look for in future.
Hahaha...Bajaj is Good. But safety is an issue on these bikes.hope this comes with advance handling and ABS !
Views on Motilal oswal financial for long term I have 1100 share @ 512
Should ONGC be bought at this level??  What could be the long term target??
I took an oath to stop drinking #COKE & #PEPSI #justiceforjallikattu #savejallikattu #banpeta
Who's he...!!!!!
I am hacked,toms online-tomahawk-spider man
What's your Target for project completions this year for Highways in Particular ?
the players life is much struggling as the soldiers player start struggling from their childhood they deserve this and even our soldiers also .
posts  about entrepreneur are why  everyone loves   facebook
Fake news. The guy is live and kicking. Another homeless dead guy from Karachi will be buried in his  place. Simple isn't it.this is a standard cover up done in the 3rd world.
Can 7th/8th May be another Brexit day move , 2nd round french election outcome.
If this becomes a reality , we could save a lot of time & money .
So where are those so called black money gone??? 🤔🤔🤔
You guys are doing a great job ... keep it up
Yogi is not goon. Any riots in Gorakhpur? May Muslim work in math including cook, civil engineer, accountant etc.
How long bull will continue in the market what your views?
If so educate us naa, where are the proof's. Why you are hesitating to share with us.
Car is good.. bt i must say.. i only heard 'aa.. aa.. aa.. aa..' from this host guy..
Good
Whatever it is c is beautiful n a graceful actress ... No matter from where c is ...
in collecting this money of which 90% will be legal white, 3 lakh crore worth man days were wasted.. That's why this country is great.. Here one junk Yoga guru becomes economic advisor...!!!!
Hi Anuj & Sonia please give a view on Hindalco & Jamna Auto please
You are right in your home town until and unless Congress is out of power in India. And if opposite happens,  corruptions, Mehgai will not let you sleep!
It's right time to buy tata stocks...  And I'm confident that this stocks will rise... And benefits to us...
Welspun is weak. REC and GATI shall perform brilliantly. Wait for some positive news for Wockhard and Metalyst.
So it is the increase in comparing  with month wise and not the fy
But sir now days property  maket  very slow
Tesla market cap more than FORD &GM is it threat to Indian car maker also?
It was Cong which mentioned dog where did Modi come into this ?
The ACB had filed charge sheet on December 21, 2016 on a complaint by former DCW chief Barkha Shukla Singh
BUY DEEPAKNTR AROUND 141 STOPLOSS AT 135 TARGET WILL BE 149-155
Fst of all.. Modi  😈😈😈😈😈😈😈😈
Exactly what I said sir, in your equation 600,000 is the no of order in a second and 22,500 are the total seconds.. So in your equation there are a sum total of 13.5 billion orders and 291 is just the amount of each order..... Which when multiplied by 13.5 billion gives 3,92,850 crore.
Shame for all of us.
Tatas are industrialist and not businessman so such thing happens
Sonia, what scripts you would suggest from the Banking Sector
Hi Anuj, will PSU banks  rally on rate cut tomorrow ?
And only all of us can make Our India 1 by choosing Sir Mr Modi ji as our PM
what about sterlite technolgies Digital move is threr any effect and about adani ports
vehicle whole body bubbling and chipping problem. this is only 2-3 month old vehicle whole body 9 times paint.
Is this the reason that he has been honored with a degree from Jamia University? Are we short of political intelligence that we need such suggestions from a fascist President who believes more in killing opposition.
Last year, Tharoor had sought to introduce a private member's bill seeking decriminalization of homosexuality. However, his bid failed twice in Lok Sabha.
Yesterday Transport sector in US closed at record high. Bharat forge has large market in US is Bharat forg a good buy For American Infrastructure spending play and India's defence?
I sell  1lot  ibreal estate@ 100.25 now Wat should I do
DP...pic.saw..with Ranveer..her hair style with song..amazing!! God bless her!!★
indian bike in next lvl hope for the best  (Y)
india won the 4th test match at firozshah kotla... there are some reasons behind it... see the link.. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=v4oHNGt2iuQ
So much reduced target very unfair to sunrises, now no interest in remaining matches
ADD ME ADD ME ADD ME ADD ME ADD ME ADD ME
Can some regulation be enforced on the decibel levels of horns installed in autos, motorbikes, private vehicles and trucks / tempos plying in Mumbai? Its only the BEST buses that have horns that are not loud. Is it possible to ensure the rest of the vehicles are made to install horns no louder than those of BEST buses before 2019?
Is Tata coffee a good buy for the short term?
Currently, both Hebrew and Arabic are Israel's national languages.
Finally Bollywood acknowledging Dawood a gunda
True Mr.Anuj right an we retail investor haven't made money honestly
If males are  mentally healthy, this problem will not arise at all.  Should not They?  Or they are taken for granted and the  girls have to prepare themselves to combat this menace. However to be healthy mentally and physically is good for both the genders.
Y not let all elderly ppl to go directly ??
Nyc
People invest 1.40 L for 150 cc 17 bhp non abs bike (r15)
Don't underestimate yogi baba..😜He is B. Com with Mathematics...Could do better than Lalu...😝
Don't give  any opportunity to pak soldiers otherwise we will lost diamonds of our country again and again
In all there is God and God will give justice to all Dowd was born in India in Kokan Ratnagiri district village His father was a Policeman then he joined in crinal activities and became a No One Dawn He made anti national activities agsinst INDIA He is Anti national man for India
Blue dart 10 share @5200 hold for long term ur view
You make online payment for LPG; save Rs.5 but pay Bank charges varying from Rs. 7-25/-.... Instead, better to pay this amount to the delivery boys who work hard all day instead of making Banks richer because in any case, your LPG has to be delivered by your local delivery boy & can't be delivered online!!
Let's use our natural resources and coal to produce electricity
Is this bottom for the market ? Demonetisation priced in?
Agree. GST must be kept simple unlike current scenario of too much complications
Guys this is called real surgical strike This is called guss ker marna
There are three clear cut tasks ahead for  BJP Delhi
INDIAN MARKET REQUIRES GEAR LESS TWO WHEELER . ;NOT A 400CC BIKE WITH THE PRESENT DAY ROAD ACCIDENTS.
My review of Bahubali, a great Indian movie but still some distance from the best in the high fantasy genre.  http://shatadipmoviereviews.blogspot.in/2017/05/bahubali-2-conclusion-lives-up-to-hype.html?m=1
I was never ever a RSS or BJP supporter... But the way aaptards & congies talk, i feel that RSS & BJP must be doing something very good
He still gets an audience?
Janata Dal (United) leader Sharad Yadav is tipped to emerge as a likely consensus candidate in this coming together of the opposition parties. Yadav said that the unity among anti-BJP parties has already begun in the Parliament and was now expanding to the ground as well.
What was he doing for so many days??? People now don't trust any political party and / or a person.
FELL
Hi guys ! Just wait for this session everyday @ 4pm :)  Do you'll think the budget rally has started?
If they would have got this kind of money for preparation before winning the medal, they might have won gold. Anyways i hope they make good use of this money.
Wanna eat
Wipro IT services $ revenue up 2.7% at $1,954.6 m vs $1902.8 m (QoQ)
It's right bro!And thankgod😏she was called at KWK otherwise this wouldn't have come in front of the crowd !XD
Did anyone in your family work on a major position in I&B  for 40 years with newspapers ? They did in mine in 2 places and we know !
Hahaha the heading..ride a bullet first then decide weather compitition exists or not
They should announce today how much they will reward after next Olympic medals..
Vowed to revenge or bowed to terror sponsors ? The PM must answer as to why ISI agents were allowed in Pathankot airbase ,and why did PM pay a surprise visit to Nawaz during his daughter's reception..? The cross border attacks are going since longtime and GoI seems v soft on thm , the trade with pak is on par , the status of most favoured nation is still in place , those vulnerable like artists were attacks and humiliated .. why such double standards ? We make chai ☕️ frm sugar imported frm Pakistan,
The Grandson King Balochistan Prince Suleiman Dawood Ahmed Baloch with members Council Japan Japanese Foreign Minister   Prince Suleiman Dawood Ahmed with the Japanese Foreign Minister and members Japanese Council and discussed the occupation Baluchistan illegal illegal and was forcibly occupied by commodity and determined Threat weapons kill the eldest father King Balochistan Ahmed  https://twitter.com/national_baluch/status/858126237520285696  With the picture jitter also said Japan will support Balochistan independence fighting against Pakistan Iran and said Japan as terroristsstan Pakistan Iran  occupied Balochistan by force  said Prince Suleiman Dawood Ahmed Baloch said with members Council Japan Japanese Foreign Minister    said Prince Suleiman Dawood Ahmed Baloch  Iranian 1928 occupation Balochistan  Pakistan in 1948 occupied Baluchistan  said Prince Suleiman Dawood Ahmed  Pakistan Iran gets the money from the world that the spread of drugs and the killing of innocents and the killing of the Arab people Ahwaz, the Kurds and the people of Baluchistan in the meantime Iran is the capital of the source of Tehran as well as Pakistan the western source of Punjab which was divided from India in 1947 and still Pakistan Iran supports terrorism in India by killing the Kashmiri people as well as supporting Pakistani-Iranian terror The killing in Lebanon in Syria Iraq Kurd And that from last years Pakistan gets money from Saudi Arabia to send Pakistani funds to Tehran to destroy the Syrian people and the people Ahwaz people For the Kurds and the people of Balochistan while India in the past was permanent, its friend Iran is Iran, which refuses to cooperate with India for its war against Pakistan. This shows that Iran and Pakistan are the source of terrorism. The United States exposed Pakistan and Iran to terrorist sources  Including Persistent Sources in Punjab The Punjab Shiites in Pakistan say shame on Saudi Arabia This is proof that Pakistan does not want Saudi Arabia and  that Pakistan wants its all Iran  India has got evidence at the United Nations that India has raised the issue balochistan and Syria and there is Iran has raised the issue of Kashmir against India and this evidence Iran is not a friend of India in the United Nations Hassan Rowhani President of Iran said in a Pakistan Pakistan ally Pakistan Pakistan Stability is the security of Tehran, Iran, the relationship between Iran and Pakistan in an illegal project in Balochistan, cooperation and the way to add China in this illegal project, China wants to use the world countries, Japan does not want relations with China, and Japan support Balochistan independence  kalat Amir Ahmed yar  King Balochistan memorable picture with prince Saudia Abdul Aziz In 1936 Khan visited Saudia and announced one lac pound to Saudi Arabia.These are proves that Balochistan is an occupied country Baloch nation is in position to help other but  Iran Pakistan while plundering  resources Balochistan,used to say that she assists Baloch nation through CPEC.Infact its ambush on Balochistan resources.
That's some great  news after frustrating  riot  n those big bunch of  hypocrite news .
Seven of eight of saarc counries'is the part of great cpec project even whole globe wants to part of cpec'but a Gelious india did'nt to part of great progress of the region
If govt. of India continues with custom duty on electric cars 125%, then who will buy this car.
Microsoft windows was designed to meet the business requirements. Where as Linux only objective was free OS. It took several years to evolve as complete OS with different flavours and distro to choose from. Windows followed their traditional legacy in transforming OS and people got familiar to it. But same did not work with mobile devices. Their approach went wrong while following same models for all devices. Probably they were trying to imitate Ubuntu Touch interface but they failed.
Where is the common 18% GST ? Vanished in thin air ?
Part time job without investment  NO REGISTRATION FEES, Earn daily Rs 500 to Rs 700 by working 2 hours per day  For more information Type JOIN and WhatsApp us on this no. 8698614666
View on rbl bank can we buy at current level
It is not wise to take any decision too early. Seeing global market investments  wait till the end of this day trends shall up rise. All the best.
BMC needs her to clean the roads of Mumbai :p
Electric vehicles should be subsidised instead.
""i am what iam and that's all that i am"" --popeye -quote  ---here popeye breaks the edison bulb ...fused bulb
A few days back a Hindu  BJP candidate was telling during election that he will provide first class beef.
It's possible to make very soon..it will take 4 to 6 decade...because government of India support ur state lots..and ur thoughts well technology..
Admittedly,we stand guilty in not winning the hearts of the people of Kashmir and forcing them to believe that they are second rated Indians..Modi's policy to fear him has failed. Now is the time to win their hearts or push them to reaffirm what they think  about us
Do you think there can be a bounceback in hdfc bank tomorrow?
Nobody has license to kill anyone though they feel opposite party is doing something illegal...pls we have police and judiciary to take care of that... Don't drive india towards talibanization...
Pak seems to deliberately invite Indian Army for a surgical strike to trap our SF . The recent incessant provocation is part of a preplanned trap, to let down us globally. Indian Army Chief must be cautious to undertake yet another  surgical strikes. Strikes r must ...but execute the way beyond their expectations..Of course we can.....
Best idea for progress of telecom as well as users
You have to pay for your crime here in this world
You can hold a stock for decade..and still hv negative return
China bans Muslim names like ‘Saddam’, ‘Jihad’ for newborns in restive Xinjiang
For Anna his own 'reputation' is much more important than anything else!!! Wither his supposedly venerated humanitarian values and his resolve to cleanse the political  canvas through his fight for an impartial Lok Pal???A Z-secure environment from where he issues statements against his Eklavvya-like student Arvind Kejriwal seems to be his only occupation now! Annaji, i thought at your age the ego takes a backseat but your ego...????!!!Annaji, still we are grateful to you for the churning..manthan..of the socio-politico scene four years back from which the elixir of an Arvind emerged as a saviour of the poor and the humble!!
What about NSE, is downfall still there or will give bounce
IMF latest GDP forcast is same as was in the years of 1981, 1994, 1998, 2011 & 2013 which means Indian Economy is backed by atleast 4 years instead of progressing if we take the IMF latest forecast with that of 2013 years' GDP figure ✔✔
Anuj sir please tell mid caps behave like that in a bull market like they are doingggg
I m from.Pakistan and surprised to hear such news. Coz got same news from Indian side some week ago. May be just for play to emotions with people of both side. My sympathies are with effected families.
Dear BJP - We are raised very different in this state than rest of the country. Just let us be.
Every thing is gud but 2000 rs note is big challenge for govt
Awesome execution of the scrip.... Kudos...
Revenue projections have to be owned by minister irrespective of projections that is given by industry. That is the only perspective. He should think of scenario building and contingencies in case projections. That is the business perspective. He has to get beyond of self glorification and just own up his budgets
I have 3500 shares of HCC at 40/- Please share your views.
Idiot. Guards are separated by long distance. Pakistan has violated rules, unexpectedly killed our soldiers mutilated their bodies and then went back.
Shares will not give that happiness which bullet will give !! Money cant buy everything.
Good but ours is tropical climate with 10/8 months ""garmi "" won't it increase temperature n if it's a AC coach won't it consume more energy in keeping it cool.
Its good thing for the opposition , government will fail in election.. then y so worry if it is done for political gain...
Abhay singh had never killed a mosquito, and not even a micro germ while brushing in the morning #respect
Development win
How is your  question relevant to the context of this post gentleman?.can you be little more elaborate?
Anna admired kejri and boosted him !!Anna indeed a simpleton ,not a national leader
Hi Anuj Does MOIL also falls in your Metal Bull Market theory ...
It's sad....How in the long run they have ripped apart retail shareholders and they get away with. Essar Steel went from public to private....NRI shareholders not able to exit. No response from company.
And we denied bcz u didnt even have a proof to do a surgical strike in pakistan territory or even u have no video evidence to enter in pakistan ..
Is it buy at dips then ??? What do u think , pls suggest ?
The complete squads of the teams that already announced their shortlists for the tournament in England and Wales
very soon we will start seeing #EDC machine option in #cashondelivery option, if #ecomerce companies has to retain their business.
feel proud ✌️hats off you sir ! True inspiration! GOOGLE CEO AND BEING A TAMILAN ! Great!
Dear Chinese media thank you for your advice first take care of yourself we INDIANS knows what to do
exactly
Right
True
Delhlities loves modi ... kejariwal always abused modi .. that's is the reason of aap party defeat .
Former MP Jambuwantrao Dhote Passes Away
INSIDER TRADING IN HAVELLS BY PROMOTERS  !!! CAN SEBI BOOK THEM  ???
I would like to bring to your notice, that banks are acting or adding indirectly to criminals. The screens in the ATM should have a smart screen filter. Which they don't. If fact now, the account balance can be seen by everyone in the bank.
Do you see any  surge in Asian paints for the next 2 -3 months?
Magnes ore price @ 5 year high what about MOIL??
Reporters should take the reaction of people who elected him
#ENTERTAINMENT | Who is your favourite Bollywood mother?
Virat Kohli didn't take field after injuring his right shoulder on the opening day of the third Test against Australia.
Guess other avenues in world are dampening which is driving India market. But again can't see any intrinsic triggers
Anuj sir and Sonia mam please suggest. Should   we buy huge quantities of United spirits.will it become multibeggar
Buy #Sunglasses Online at Low Prices in #India - Amazon.in from popular brands such as #Fastrack, #Ray-Ban and more http://amzn.to/2matT0r
Wt abt OMG
Anna ji is reading too much too early. He knows what it needs to be in politics and I am surprised why has he not praised AAPs works...RSS shadow? What happened to his Lokpal?
if earning is not up in coming months   how i can belive in indian equity  that popping now  only based on expectaions
It is none but the ""THAN"" advertisement. Is it MAYR,VIMAL, READ & TAYLOR?
Seriously....this is a big deal in today's date and time!
Congratulations chef!! you! make us proud. Looking forward to visiting one of yours restaurants when on our next visit to India.
Thanks Kuwait for standing up to international pressure. The Islamic people are beautiful, kind, loving, understanding, and God fearing people who were generous with their love for me. I still love you Kuwait and I hope I always will. May Allah bless you all and forever. I miss you so very much.
To deal with them as it was announced on 8th November 2016....DEOMONITISATION....what happened... Every channel and anchor is shy of questioning.....
Could you please tell what to do with Idea Cellular...? Do you see any potential in the stock??  Thank you....
Good move by #Dhoni to quit from ODI & T20 captainship which will enable him to be a #mentor to youngsters and to be a transformational leader to create many more #match #winners and match #winning #captains for #INDIA. Every Cricket match is a project which goes through risk mitigations. Similarly several such risks mitigations recorded in this book. http://www.amazon.in/dp/1946515019/
Wow, now take that money and give it to kingfisher.
Hi Prashant, i have been a big fan of yours since old 2008 days. can i get one opportunity to meet you for a minute ? #NDTV neva gave me an opportunity to meet you. Hope CNBC-TV18 fulfills my dream. it would be happiest day of my life. thanks in advance
Hemon das.. did you read the Quran by your own and the ""several time beheaded the kaffirs"" line is thier.. or you referring through the google.. ?
Anyone remember, bajaj ran an ad calling bullet, avengers brother, on brotherhood day
GST Council yet to fit commodities into 5 tax slabs
now this is called the surgical strike which the enemy admit itself
Met gala is all about fun and outrageous outfits. She looks amazing is that outfit.  Repetitive jokes are so passé
Wait and watch! Tiger will hunt the kangaroo like never b4.
Tata Group had filed a caveat in NCLT on October 25
The BIGGIES and their first 3 days...#Sultan 105.53 cr [Wednesday release]#Dangal 107.01 cr#Baahubali2 128 cr [Hindi] India biz  — taran adarsh (@taran_adarsh) May 1, 2017
LOVELY
No surgical strike... Get back Kashmir and and free baloochistan
What do you have to say that is rbi going to give its numbers after all demonetized notes and how do you see the market after the earning season
What is the link for your problem with this article?
do not block the road ...baam baam .....leave way for chennai bus
Oh pakistan said thst Dowd is not in Pakistan then how is he admitted in military hospital in pakistan ? ,Infia's leaders said we will caught Jim and will bring inIndia but that was not happened In all there i
LOL who is trying to go to kuwait????
If they both r confident then tell them to have actors sing song for them ... And they better not look for a trained singer.... This is a shame how can a singer herself consider less talented than an autotuned non singer person...!! What about her gurus who taught her musiç for years... If she belives an Autotuned singer is equally good as herr. If u can't support Armaan Malik at least don't show disrespect towards ur gurus who gave years to train u....!!
Yes......   Fully Agreed.   Movies n Dramas of TV promotes Nudity, Eve Teasing, jealously, hatred, Superstition, Magic,extra marital affairs..
Suzlon do you.think can run now after being an disaster for soo many years
I think process of replacing Mr.Mistry without informing him is not justified.
There are reasons to not buy the Moto G5 Plus
fear of frustration of self made Aircraft Carrier "" Made in China "" :D
Yes. During British period navab of Junagadh organized a grand marriage ceremony of his pet dogs . During the partision he carried his pets to Pakistan and left behind his wives in India .
Govt has allowed FDI in sectors which were never available to non-govt parties: Commerce Minister
Super doper movie
""People""... If we stop flying this problem will be cured!!!! :P
Bata share going low day by day. I had bought at 539 now it's 490 shall i hold ??
Riaz Mohammed, so they are not charging too much ....
Question remain to be answered is if it's incl of all taxes or exclusive.
The biggest explosion of 2017. The big bang had never happened and never will * ₹₹ Free Join Other Business ₹₹ *  → If you want to get a job  → 10,000 to 50000 rupees from mobile ..  → Earn money every month, absolutely free  → champ cash from the Play Store  → Download your App  → Register.  → Enter the Referal ID - *371881*  → Helpline Whatsaap no - *9529389497
Sir ok we are growingup but my question is when stop caste reservation
India is under alot of pressure and nervousness, due to the dettoriating situatation in Kashmir, is blaming Pak Army
there will be time buddy , you will be pushing the polo gt for failure of engine ...
How much long we have to wait for our strong actions
although i like your chat but it bed experience as your server is not streaming it well ...
Petition makes out a case of (A) Abuse of Articles of Association by outsiders (B) Breakdown of governance & (C) Loss of ethical values
Engineering college flood was came at time of UPA government, Mr Kalam had given a vision to students for good hopes in engineering sector but 1998 to 2010 india lost pace of growth .In 1998 there was slowdown in economy but now we are looking to make own future by own .
Maa ka Naka nothing gonna change it will remain the same
modi ji ab pakistan ki aankh me aanshu aane chahiye.....BHarat mata ki jai...
Hi
No Income tax is the only brilliant idea given by Subbo
Sir and madam I have bse @1000 what do with bse every day going down
It was also 18INR in 2008 then you can even buy flat in south mumbai.. :)
he should not die n our country needs him for his crime he has done in 1993 blast.
India is already on his way to form chabahar port with iran. No need for cpec
Really proudable...nice..
This is a baseless news and have only come up in the social media only...no such thing has been ordered by the Kuwaiti government...so just chill
What should be done with Divis Lab for long term???
As Nifty is in record high, expecting to reduce the imposing tax on gold.
All dramatics introspection is of no avail now???
Hi Manisha
But ""  I'll be right to join BJP"" - says Anna Hazare.
Go far maruti only ...steady longterm bet  Sintex & Aarti volatile. Trading prospects Heritage food...no
As far as performance is concerned Cyrus would be working hard as Shapoorji Pallonji holds significant stake of around 18 percent of tata sons. Very strange and difficult to understand why this happened
Sonia ,  EVERY  MOMENT  MIND   it ,   EVERY  MAN's   mind-operate   TWO  MOST   WANTED   CRIMINAL  STAYING   IN  ASSAM - INDIA .   SO , BE  CAREFULL  ANY   MOMENT .  GLOBALISATION'S  SCIENCE   SATELITTE   PHONE   THEM'S   WINGS.   OK ?   DON'T   WORRY ,  ANY    MOMENT   I   AM  STAYING  WITH   EVERY    MEDIA   HOUSE .  OK ?
markets wil be in a range & the trend remains lower.
I really thought India would head the world in the 21st century. .. and we are, just that sadly, it's back to the 17th century..
Yeah I'll take a venti caramel IED and a grande vanilla bean shoe bomb
💥India's No.1 Home Job💥 🌟earn money without any investment 🌟multi level networking  🌟work daily 2 hours per day earn rs 500 to 1000rs daily 🔥life changing oppurtunity ✍type ""JOIN"" and send to my whatsapp no +918444867178
Maybe highway sign was written in Hindi which the driver couldn't understand... 😂😂😂😂
Hi , Can We expect NBFC to Rally more ... ur Views on LT Finance
hehehehehehehehe if they dont plant a station in RAJASTHAN for SOLAR ENERGY we will have to buy power form others very soon!! wake up indians to push the Govt. for this Project for Power!!!!!!!
There are 1.30 billions Indians to wish ISRO we don't this bollywood actors to wish our scientists and especially this family Bachchan
Calls to all networks to remain free even after March 31: Mukesh Ambani
What else can you do? Nothing isnt my option. Im not going down without a fight.
He knows that it's impossible for him to be elected through loksabha !! Because now public knows ..who is patriot or unpatriot
Nigel could you please ask her if she tracks Alphageo and if yes what does she think of the company from a long term perspective?
There is clear cut polarisation of votes in UP and it is not good for demovracy.
rajdeep enterprises , rajdeep ltd , raj deep foundation , rajdeep public limited  ....so rajdeep you want to see this ......tell you one thing you are not even fit to sell samosa .................lease this comment for 30 years
Nice
Kumar vishwas didn't attack on any  party .  Indian Express team you should watch this video again again & then title it.
CPIM. The party which has given birth to industrial revolution in India
Yep the people of Palestine are living on the ( Jewish ) nation of Israel's land  PIRIOD the proof is all throughout Gods Word
Just Gun Down those termites. Yes I am a warmonger when my brothers are getting killed and manslaughter is not monopolized for one side
Great Palanisamy Congrats ! Keep DMK at bay !\
Why did the Parliament Street branch of the bank close the gate to public including senior citizens  after 12 PM today .People waited patiently outside the bank for 4 hrs only to be told to come tomorrow.
A vision that is set to change India and  the world.
Secularism Doesn't mean appeasing Minorities for vote bank politics nd  leaving Hindus isolated. Hindus unlike old Generation,They are united now to Chose the party that safeguard them.
Were is the law and order gone and who r these mobs to take the law into they own hand, come on policesa do something to save the law.
Like Done :)  🔊 Good Afternoon :) 👤CNBC-TV18  📆 Tuesday : 18 April 2017  ✪ CNBC-TV18 ➽ Check Latest Post  ⏰ 4G Bot♻1 Minute 6 Second :v   8| Bot Boss▶Vikas Das  <3 BotBoss,Top 🔛 Server 2 <3
Whatever wipro is growing but what is happening in the root is not notified by anyone which is very bad. If someone is going to come for audit then that person use to come before the audit days and use to inform everything what he is going to do . And if something is wrong than also bosses over there use to protect the person who is responsible for that and on opposite side person working on 3rd party were forced to do work for everyone and they use to get scolding on regular basis without any reason
#Plots sale in | #chandapura | #Anekal | #ElectronicCity | #HosurRoad | #Bangalore | #Hosur | #BMRDAPlots | #BudgetPlots | #Sites
Some of the rural areas no power..so first step we need to take that...
Impressive. How does india tv get this kind of news?? And the hospital in the picture is a private hospital in karachi. Not an army hospital.
is it 400c or 004 cc, so submissive, i wonder why did they name it Bajaj Dominar??????
Latest statement of Pak Army A local commanders level hotline contact was established at Rawlakot- Poonch sector on LOC last night between Pakistan and Indian Army authorities. Indian counterpart was told that there has been no CFV from Pakistan side nor mutilation of Indian soldiers bodies. Indian authorities were told that there is unnecessary media hype following the allegations. Pakistan remains fully committed to maint peace and tranquillity along the LOC and expect same from other side and hope prudence is exercised and no steps are taken that may lead to vitiating of environment and affect peace along LOC. A Routine DGMO level hotline is also likely today.
Dilip sir can you please share your views on bodal chemical for long term portfolio?
RBI says the fake money amount in our country is around 400cr.and the RBI holds around 62lkh.cr as asset .so how much percentage it is ? public is not favouring the blk marketeers. but we are strongly opposing this tortuous and hooligan decision which I affraid has been taken to protect the ambanis and adanis and hindujas.  I hope they are not on que to draw 4k.
When did eating beef become a cultural festival in Kerala ???.....
Stupid traders - keep shopping carts for people to carry stuff to their car; Anyway Delhi has its more than fair share of fatso Bhai saabs and behenjis....at least the walking will help.
Nifty 5300 in 2010-11, 2016 we are at 8700. Don't you feel nifty racing towards 12000
I absolutely agree with you sir.....but the condition is that these paid chamchas n our honourable ministers should b in the lead
Fed said that they will further hike interest rates in the next year...Do you think Indian markets will try to factor that?....
It is sad that the money comes in after the victory but there is no monetary help, scholarships or even infrastructure support before the Olympics to prepare these athletes. If India had that, we would have many more medalists and even bring in gold. The country has immense talent but very few agencies are interested in nurturing that talent.
Amazing movie...Superb imagination...U can feel the hardwork it must have taken for every scene,the thoughts as well as the execution of them...hats off to the makers and the actors
Person who buy need to build own roads to drive
1st aggressive statement i have seen since he took his office.
Expect incentives for new age  vehicles operated on batteries, electricity, etc.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=k-b22XCgwqA  Hye > #Rapeistan First Make Ur Soldiers Brave then Talk About War Against Pakistan and SoCald Surgical Strikes
Serves him right
Plz make some strong organization in every state..which take care of these athlete...they faces a lot of problem...just like a gopichand made it
Sachin Dattatray Dhankude says that if, by going symbol-less, he is successful in bringing about a rule that will write off symbols for election candidates, he is ready to take on the risk as it will fulfill his “larger aim”.
Lol most hardworking . His hardworks comes only when he decide which movie to see and  what review he should give . . .
Big business always supports the government,to save their skin and used for propaganda
1 thing is confirmed.that.  He has guts to speak straight .. Either u like it or nt
I think.it will be someone with no family ties this time.
""Swacch Bharat Abiyan"" is an initiative of our government has became very popular out side of our country. Bravo!
Cpec as 200year Fefore east India company.  It's not for pak for China bevkuffo By this road which  type of industry come in pak.. Tell Wat u get Cpec
The increase is a trap . Markets will fall big time. Wait for lower levels to buy
Since Vodafone is not listed company how valuation of Idea was decided.
Congrats Sherren.  U r a family member for me.
Al Quida terrorist Al Zawahiri is hiding in Karanchi with the help of ISI.USA any time may drop bombs on Al Zawahiri to send him to hell.
WHERE DOES IT STAND IN COMPARISON TO 2013...PLEASE...? AND WHEN DID THE BOOM COME BECAUSE IN 2003 IT WAS AROUND 12000 IF I AM NOT WRONG...PLEASE CORRECT IF POSSIBLE...
This is happening a lot...
I don't understand, what is the theme ? & why
Dear Friends, considerig the population of India, if working cash is kept at home at permisiable limit , this is not illegal. The cash is not Black Money collected . People dont make a fuss that  this move has collected Black money
contours of corruption is decoded ? ...just decoding what ?
Which sector wil turnaround this year & give good return . Is metal story over.
Also please see the CONSTITUTION OF INDIA and also its commentry written by various learned people
subsidies should be given to PV module manufacturing companies and R&D companies in solar , energy efficient production system.
Умайр Ахмед What about the pedophile follower who marries 4 nine year old kids?
* Andrew, on the Judean hill, is keenly reading the journal Nature. His skyward view of, life in the heavens became a larger picture. A new 2017 face, surfaces on the cosmic sea, like a rising Atlantis. Trappist-1, the dwarf star’s system, has seven earth-size exoplanets.  Is it possible, another water mansion, basically 40 light years away? Maybe a superior civilization, compared to the 21st century resume. In the text, Andrew recalls, what was voiced by the bridegroom. “Many mansions” in his father’s house, he declared in the room. Before Galileo and Hubble’s discoveries, was this not foretold? The revelator also stated, “And other sheep… not of this fold.” rsr
But how many years do they expect when receiving this jumbo amount from the corrupted Indian govt. establishments..still a QQuestion???????????????
I did not like the way  bajaj has launched this bike
want to sell 2 lot of crude oil as intraday
One can buy with a sl 850 for tgt 901/938/951/980/1038 for  period six months
plzzz tell sir j berger ambuja idfc bank rite time enter
You people will not have answers for the questions asked by yellow army here and every where
2019 pm Modi will get 26% more votes then 2014 lok Shaba election
That is good news. HA ha ha
Bajaj cannot give competition to royal enfield.... royal is always royal...
Politics should not come in front... and play with it
Kunthavi Kalachelvam what did you react to this
Whole infrastructure story is what one has to look forward based on the budget outcome so i went ahead with orient cement @ 125 but not much of movement. Any views on this stock
We don't have time for soldiers, bcoz we are busy in protecting 🐮
Mark Waugh and Ian Healy clearly left embarassed.
This is what every business man has to do after age of 60years.I am truly inspired by this.. Great AM Naik Sir..!
What an amazing thought!!! Data is the new natural resource... yes it is!!!!
RIP Amma u will always be cherished not as memories but as daring u showed in this man world.😥
There is no comparison between CNBCTV18 and TimesNow. Don't they understand this? One is business news channel and other one news channel. They should compare with ETNOW. I'm independent viewer but sad CNBCTV18 should think before they write to prove it.
If you have any questions for Mr Prakash Javadekar, we will be happy to take them LIVE! Write to us in the comments section
Propaganda doesn't require data brother it requires gullible minds. 👍
love u kangana ranaut
Sub:- Like of 29/11 attacks can’t be stopped without solving Kashmir problem which can’t be solved without end-game in sight.   -----In the entire history of mankind it will be difficult to find another example where a country like India [of six times than Pakistan especially India with better level of advance in science & technology as is evident from ‘Mangal-yan’ the Mars mission] cowardly & helplessly tolerates repeated humiliation by way of armed aggression on it. India is facing such shameful situation for the simple reason that like Pakistan (and Bangladesh) India too foolishly does not understand that the last word on India’s partition is yet to be written.    One more matter agitates a person like me born before independence and that too in Kota region of my native State of Rajasthan. We were brought up in a culture where a ‘Sainik’ laying down his life in a war was considered getting ‘Moksha’ through ‘Veergati’ [and we were told the stories of Rani Padmini and other ladies of Chittorgarh becoming ‘Sati’ because their husbands got ‘Veergati’ in battle and Hada Rani (from Kota - Bundi given in marriage to Chittorgarh) cutting her head and sending it as a memento to her ‘madhosh’ husband in order to motivate him to fight the battle against enemy and Rana Pratap never submitting to Akabar rather preferred to live in jungles while incessantly fighting to recover the lost forts and mother-land].   This culture has still remained but when  nowadays I see the soldiers and their officers dying (not in war against Pakistan) but like ‘keede-makode’ (insects) and at the top of it are called ‘Shaheed’ (Martyrs), I get confused whether the culture in which we were brought up was right or the present culture ? (where as a Veteran Colonel said after 29/11 on a TV program that after training of merely 3 to 4 months Jihadi under the very nose of security forces at border etc come from Pakistan and kill the well and extensively trained & groomed Indian soldiers and their officers at Army camp / Corps headquarters)    But in any case, it is high time GOI realizes that earlier Congress party and now BJP headed by PM Modi and all other political parties in India have been and are incapable of solving Kashmir problem due to their communal mindset. Therefore before it is too late GOI should spare a meager amount of $ 4,400 for the launch of ‘United India Party’ which alone can solve Kashmir and other problems being faced by India.   It is hoped that the Friends-of-India will constrain GOI to see reason as explained at:-       http://www.alwihdainfo.com/At-least-after-29-11-friends-should-advice-India-to-spend--4400-to-solve-Kashmir-problem_a45603.html   [Especially given the fact that India should not waste this opportunity where some Kashmiri Muslims are showing courage and patriotism to start office (with flag and board / banner) of pro-India national political party in Srinagar and in other parts of the valley where the writ of government of J&K and India does not run and on the contrary Pakistan supported Separatists have been able to inflict almost five months of shutdown on the people of Kashmir]  Regards  Email: hemraj_jain@yahoo.com
So good to know, Bahubali 2 has done super business in USA too.
Since I am neither a follower of RSS nor Gandhiji, I am not a right person to judge.But killings/violence/wars are normal part of humans life history.We should accept this fact first ,and feel happy .
So you are feeling very comfortable with it if it's not painted as communal.
*PURE DESH ME AFRA TAFRI KA MAHOOL HAI...INDIA KI 98% JANTA GARIB HAI..YE MAAR ASLI 98% PE MARI HAI MODI JI NE..YE ACHA NHI KIYA BJP NE PURA VYAPARI VARG ROO RAHA HAI KHUN KE AANSU BJP WE SHAME ON YOU*  *B.J.P..*❌❌❌❌❌❌❌ *MODI..*❌❌❌❌❌❌❌  *WE REALY SHAME ON YOU MODI JI..*
The media houses need to chill.
Speechless
Just do it!!
I am eagerly waiting... Thank u soooooo much!!!!
I have learned this things.
The world would be a better place without USA.  USA is the most damaging country in world.
Is this the right time invest in pharma sector or wait for donald trumps new announcements
Reliance Acquistion effect: CNBC-TV18 becomes sopkesperson for Ratan Tata. Instead of taking only welspun issue why not discuss issues raised by Cyrus Mistry.
Forget gold government should ban cheque payments . Lakhs of cheque bouncing cases pending in courts
bat got doppler ....yoga  to open the third eye ...believe it or not ...eye donation for cnbc tv 18 from commentator( me me )
You're not a political savvy ,you must be a  Bhakts religious fanatic clown . Northeastern state is fully dependent with central aide ,we support any ruling party that form government .
I AM PROUD ON ADGPI - Indian Army. ITS NOT THE TIME TO BE SAD. ITS TIME FOR ACTION.
My $0.02: When you make a billion $$$, everything seems fair (and reasonable). And, when you don’t nothing seems fair (and equitable). Logic of life. No-brainer, I guess.
Will it actually be given? ? I have my doubts
At last Mr.  X PM spoke..and came out of mute mode... . Well done Modiji
If BJP wins UP elections whether market will move above all time high 9119?
& now SBI will again convert this money into NPAs. :(
Hahaha zikr... i m allah. Lets c who gets lynched first. :P
Cascading effect will be neutralize... good step for global economy
Everyday new rules and regulations are introduced by a Income tax department, the finance ministry, the revenue and other bureaucratic secretaries and RBI and all the rules and regulations are arbitrary, unlawful and intended to create harassment to the public at large. There is stiff competition amongst all these authorities in issuing the rules and regulations which can cause harassment to the public.
Cyrus Mistry had to go. Do not know what is the legal way. One good reason is UK Steel fiasco. Ratan Tata is a welcome soothing senior statesman till things settle.
*PURE DESH ME AFRA TAFRI KA MAHOOL HAI...INDIA KI 98% JANTA GARIB HAI..YE MAAR ASLI 98% PE MARI HAI MODI JI NE..YE ACHA NHI KIYA BJP NE PURA VYAPARI VARG ROO RAHA HAI KHUN KE AANSU BJP WE SHAME ON YOU*  *B.J.P..*❌❌❌❌❌❌❌ *MODI..*❌❌❌❌❌❌❌  *WE REALY SHAME ON YOU MODI JI..*
Good news ..congrads to Pakistan army and keep it up
We are on target to have an additional 1 million POS by March 31: Electronics & IT Secy
Word to word rebuttal only our PM can do this superb. Unbeatable.
The whole world knows that how difficult it is for AK and how easy it is for Kumar Vishwas .
Sundra Sodha well this is surely not for u... cos u be so claustrophobic
absolutely.....only GDP doesn't define the development of a country. Almost 80 % of Indian capital market runs by FII,  more than half of the business entity is MNCs. India is way more back in Human development Index, sanitary index, Unemployment rate, GDP per capita, Poor currency value, no united security council member, no OECD member, no NATO member....Comparing us with country like UK based on GDP is not cool.
*PURE DESH ME AFRA TAFRI KA MAHOOL HAI...INDIA KI 98% JANTA GARIB HAI..YE MAAR ASLI 98% PE MARI HAI MODI JI NE..YE ACHA NHI KIYA BJP NE PURA VYAPARI VARG ROO RAHA HAI KHUN KE AANSU BJP WE SHAME ON YOU*  *B.J.P..*❌❌❌❌❌❌❌ *MODI..*❌❌❌❌❌❌❌  *WE REALY SHAME ON YOU MODI JI..*
All your videos get stuck at some point what's the fun of making these.Have a good internet connection or a good phone to make these.
@ Cyrus you seems to be a straight kind person. May face some difficulties yet I do believe n completely Support your views.
Why don't we have Ganga vigilantes, Panalalji? This is because Muslim has no role in polluting Gangaji and it is polluting by industry and Hindu customs. That's why you people have no guts to form Ganga vigilantes.
Why differentiate between silver and bronze ........both r doing well for country
You people say banks have not cut deposit rates.. Please check rates have come down from average 9.25% to current 7.5%.. Banks may have not cut their lending rates by that much.. Please look into that rather than cutting deposit rates further... Also I hope bjp does not appoint a governor whose job will be to only cut interest rates..
Hi Anuj Please share your view on Dr. Lal Path Lab. Your opinion and outlook on this stock.
And no attack on Bjp 😂
Trump = Netanyahu = Erdogan = Modi = Duterte all are elected by people democratically but having signs of dictators. Now cry, kamBHAKTon!
yes... Only thing we have to do is keep eye no what we have to get
Eye for eye is not the answer. I hope sanity prevails.
Questions seem to be longer or confusing. Make it short and crisp.
We are again hearing abt ONGC divestment . Heard it @470 levels also. Stock is now 250 Whats ur take
Now this makes you Money-sha
Sub:- Open petition to Supreme Court of India  ----During present fraudulent demonetization (in utter violation of all monetary principles which has stopped the current of currency by demanding ID), if the powerful politicians, political & economic commentators, media, academicians etc are not coming forward to protect the basic human rights / interests of gullible and helpless ~ 1.3 Billion Indians, that does not mean that Supreme Court of India should also keep quiet, as mentioned at:-  https://groups.yahoo.com/neo/groups/kashmir-global-network/conversations/messages/50229   Regards  Email: hemraj_jain@yahoo.com
Amazing
Go solar way , give 100% subsidy for energy ,it's a necessity
India retaliates after LoC attack. Army kills 7 Pakistani soldiers, 2 bunkers destroyed.
U should raise ur voice for innocent kashmiris Richa Singh :)
It's  nice drama. It's  not new.  India  feel they always  right. That's  problem. True never  tell to own people.
Parthiv Patel said that Mumbai will look to get back on track in the next match.
I wonder @ndtv has a dedicated team of reporters working on specific assignment on cows. They went to Assam for this but failed to reach Malda in Bengal. Recently a Hanumanji temple was vandalised in Kashmir but i think cow plays an important role in trp of @ndtv
Babu gaaru..this is time to take care of rural areas...
@udayan mukherjee Sir we can see from other angle that this is the opportunity for India to take right steps to become super power
Totally cooked up story, only an insane will buy it.
😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂 No one is fighting here. All we can do is express our opinion in a constructive manner. It's the fault of the opposition if they can't see reason even if there's concrete evidence. Hoping won't change anything. Accepting reality and using that to change is the best course of action. Pining on hope brings a whole lot of nothing.
True
1.36 lakhs for non abs version and 1.5 lakhs for dual channel abs
Very sad news heart broken news why only 2 should b more 2 is not enough keep it up guys next more inshALLAH..
u r there at the border site.??? how u can say that it is not happened.
Housing exemptions - there needs to be a balance with savings with housing as a sub section. It should not be singled out. There is a segment of people who save and spend rather than the other way. Unless we only want to recognise the loan takers.
India's economic growth not dependent only on exports: Commerce Minister
Eyeing Indian Open Title, PV Sindhu Has Something New Up Her Sleeve
I think the police should bring in modern police sedans as used in the USA having a camera recording everything and a computer connected to a central crime database so that everything is recorded on camera. Also, put as much as CCTVs on public transport vehicles so that everything is recorded on camera and hence no eye witness is needed to put perpetrators behind bar on the basis of solid evidence. Also, if any Government official/ servant/ officer is accused of molesting and outraging the modesty of a lady, then he should be suspended immediately and if found guilty be dismissed from Duty. I know the laws are there but the implementation of such laws are very weak. Also, I think the media should keep highlighting the politicians that have criminal cases of rape and molestation against them so that the parties are finally forced to take action on such dirty politicians and kick them out of the party
Will scrap rule effect old vehicle which is in mint condition also ? #nitingadkari
How about learning to respect each other within the country and building up a feeling of fraternity within castes, classes and creeds..?
It depends on situation. What about your own delivery??? Do you follow this? Or just advise to others?
What is crying need of the time is Hindu unity ....otherwise we will be thrown out of this country
Whr is this money coming from???  Even the RBI said that they have 116000 thousands crore currency for 1000&500
Its going into owners pocket...make compulsion of paying to staff working
Need Nilesh Bhai Comments on Glaxosmith Consumer, GSFC and Capri Global. Comments on the Management of Capri Global, GSFC, Glaxosmith
How many laborer have lakhs they all probably belong to congress
Waiting for you to come back as the same person
It will remain to be seen whether INC (UP) stay clear of itself by not falling in trap of DEMONETISATION, SURGICAL STRIKE ( these two are for 2019 !) & CAST POLITICS in UP (urban region) but uses UP(rural) plateform with full might in this regard using TRADITIONAL RADIO broadcasting mode / evening time  & FLASH BROADCASTING MODE over Net (e.g. block SMSs)/Dinner - Bed Time ✔
🔶DIGITAL INDIA JOB🔶 🔸earn money without any investment 🔸multi level networking 🔸work daily 2 hours per day 🔸earn rs 500 to 600 daily 🔸life changing oppurtunity 🔸type ""JOIN"" and send to my whatsapp number.. 7982068522
Royal enfield will always be royal enfield .....no one can match it
Oh Man!! I am enjoying comments more than the bike launch :)
Ramya acting super
Sukma naxal attack: Irked by entourage bursting crackers, family of CRPF jawan Sher Mohammed refuses to meet BJP MLA V Solanki
His country is a first worldcou try with better education .health..industry..gdp per capita..tourism...in every field
Do u mean pak army entered into Indian territory attacked Indian post killed them n mutilated bodies n went back. Than what was Indian army doing. Every Indian must think. Something is fishy.
Muhammad Saqib Nawaz Saki 7 Pakistan pigs dead body reached also
#UPDATE Congress is seeking a discussion on the government formation in Goa and Manipur.
Cmcell petitions are answered in time. Only after my complaint in cm cell police filed FIR 626/14 on a fake dr which the p Police was delayed without taking action on our complaint. Culprit absconded and police do not want to find him is different story.but FIR filed only by our cm cell petition.
Salute to this director
Great movie
Hi Sonia, any chance of Suzlon coming out of CDR ?
mam whether sterlite technolgies ,v guard subrso will be good investment
Job Profile:  Designation: Walkin Interview  Job Location: Gurgaon,Delhi,Noida Years of Experience: 0 Yr - 0 Yr Salary Range: Rs 2.0 Lakh / Yr - Rs 3.5 Lakh / Yr REGISTRATION BY RS 100 ONLY INTERESTED CAN INBOX ME N REFFER ME TO YOUR FRNDS ALSO WHO ARE IN SEARCH OF JOB AT LOW CONSULTANCY FEES.
No
Srinagar : 1 Security Personnel Killed, 11 CRPF Officials Injured In Grenade Attack
Congrats Dipa ! We feel very proud  of you .
#ieWorld | The officials said one of those shot is a minor, and none of the injuries is life-threatening.
From pre-2014 , We have heard the thumping of 56"" Chest with promise to abrogate article 370 and famous ""10headsForOne"". BJP is in power both at Center and State, the Big mouth for first  two years rejected UPA's ""no talk and undeclared tit-for-tat  policy"" that had Kashmir situation under near normal and started hobnobbing with Nawaz in chai pe charcha. Today Kasmir is worse than ever, intrusion and terror attacks are substantially up and Indian reaction are the same empty words. Shame on this Government which neither has any Kashmir policy nor knows how to secure Indian borders and security personnel nor establishments even after 4 attacks on highly secured Security establishment. This is the most impotent, imbecile Government ever.
Problem lies in the Govt, they have only lied and fooled people.
Do you think bank nifty upmove is gona continue till this weekly expiry?
Hii sonia See the Nifty support at 8700 is broken more correction in marker?
Mehra.   Have u found your real father... Its me... Come and bring your mother too... I miss her pu#@
In my life I have not seen a leader like modijee. Hope the coming jeneration will follow him
true that !
Pinto Philip Babu Please give the stastics if you have .That will prove the lie that the comrades have not indulged in any killing.
Rai’s return after a decade has made the election, in the words of a BJP worker, naak ki ladai.
Why is media so biased towards modi ? Showing him bad man... politicians who shouting and abusing Shri modi are black money hoarders why you don't ask questions to them
Modi ji it is enough please do something concrete. Now it is reslated to the national Pride.
He tried atlease
This is the reason for making Tamil Nadu the number one state in Road accidents. This is happening for many years and in many other routes yet no concrete action taken.
May be this is enough!!!
25Sons and daughters of Ganges, Walk on! In foreign lands Away from relatives and friends! Toiling day and night. Your patience, your humility And your intelligence are your assets. Your family values are your  inheritance! The climb has been arduous Full of pain and frustrations.  But you never gave up You never lost hope! You reached the summit You can now enjoy the sunshine You smile and you remember This world is enjoyed by heroes! You have brought honour To your family and Motherland And your work would serve  The common man!  Written by P K Ramkhalawon
Seshaiyan said that normal embalming procedure was followed to preserve the body.
In weak market still force motor forcing to go up
Pls some one do good for country appreciate  him.  Modiji doing good for us
I dont understand the point of singing Nessun Dorma during this bike launch
Legally inherited which has been acquired out of explained sources is neither chargeable to tax under existing provisions nor under proposed amended provisions
Speech is like boring song where you go out and visit wash room !
this was the question of the face saving of the modi govt . if he is brought back , the congress will have very little to raise hand against the govt .
Much needed
western lip stick cannot be sold this section .......lo real parris or even aishwarya bachan , priyanka chopra , ...cannot influence this target audiece
Working on software, mobile dispensing part of fuel: HPCL CMD
Nthng wrng c said abt karan johar he did it so he has to accept it
Here are the top stories this morning
What about NRI where they should exchange money? Currency exchange houses are not taking money!!  Kindly suggest
airindia versus king fisher versus vodafone repayment versus union ...and govt policy to protect airline industry  is weak and fragile ...drumstick fracture news
Very democratic response by the Aviation Minister. No one is above law....
Kuwait Suspends Issuance Of Visas For Nationals Of 5 Muslim-Majority Countries Including Pakistan
The withdrawal of the April 29 tweet by the army could mean the two power centres have arrived at a settlement on the issue
Wht abt places whr card does nt wrk at all? Traveling by rickshaw do they expect cards?
So wht u doing Mr owesisi...u have every righy to dicuss on full matter
Ghost chatting Geetha .Really its very funny
because India has got more aircraft carrier than selfish china they were very shrood prduce big bog talk.
Right...
Competition for Royal enfeild..? It takes an other Era to Beat Royal enfeild
Devavrat Rana  for me both have to be earned, I'm perfectly detached polite until the subject helps me form my opinion of him/her
USD/INR gonna fly up towards 100 in next few years.
मोदी जी उसी की भाषा में जवाब का इंतजार हम चाहते है पाकिस्तान से
ICICI had assisted Akanksha Foundation in its early years for its developmental projects to the underprivileged . Wishing success to the organisation  in their endeavours !
Bias media they never highlight anything about north east n here is a case of cattle thief n this is a serious problem in assam recently within 1months we have lost 5 cattle in our village n how will the villegers treat if they r able to catch these thief so Bias media don't try to communalise this issue...
Couple
Bad luck for kkr because i am not in team
Wipro IT services EBIT up 4.6% at Rs 2,526.9 cr vs Rs 2,415.5 cr (QoQ)
And charge for Sussu. There is no point of providing toilets if it's not clean and free.
Ebay's india division is in mumbai..not delhi..and ebay bangalore is only a backend analytics centre for ebay in india, which would stay
Views  on rane brakes  ..it is down  after very  good  results
Poor chap Microsoft do not make vaccine they are software company .dont feel bad, you are pakistani ao you don't know about software . Infact India export vaccine to European and african countries.
Buy gold/gold mining stocks that's the only way to financially benefit from this event. I have already put in my order 🙏🏼 I already bought MMTC. Gold will rally to $1500 on back of Trump election
It's ok we lost just 1 test match. We India will bounce back and win the series.
Accepting from others generally leads to disappointment.If Anna has real ability, he can produce many kejriwal.It may be possible that kejriwal may himself have left illiterate Anna in present political conditions . Only week people repents.
Please forward the copy of this report to Sonia Gandhi and her son with a copy to all opposition parties who are vehemently objecting the govt in Parliament.
Guys any good stock which will be benefitted from digitisation.
Vinod Wangnoo , yes I can see that.
Superb actor happy birthday
Good insights... Layman thoughts clarified..  The way forward and booster for many newbies who wanna come up big time
why india govt not  taken any seviour action aignest pakistan..
Mdrse...you have already done it..by saying.. Industry have more popular artists... Go for suicide
upto large extent it can be resolved,bt v cant say it on this basis only there r several determinants that needs to be taken into consideration...
M srsly enjoying comments and not the launch and music
same on u kajol. I don't even expect this type of any reaction from your side
Share
Escapists!!! Made money on percentage basis and now time to rest!! Gud idea
Some suggestions 1) Like aadhar card make it mandatory to have ATM/Debit Card. 2)Every business outlet small or big shall have swiping machines/paytm like arrangement. It must be made mandatory to run business. 3)Stop printing Rs.2000/_ immediately. And in future Rs.500/- . If not demonitize them six months before every election. All elections hence shall be conducted on the same date henceforth. 4)like indirect taxes integration, integrate all direct taxes & collect them through transaction tax from bank as arthakranti suggested.  5) Continue cash withdrawal restrictions even after Dec 31st. 2016. Reduce cash usage eventually and limit to Rs.5000/- per month to individuals and Rs.20000/- to 100000/- to businesses as per their turnover. 6) Gst shall be collected at first billing. Stop input credit and collect turnover tax basing on turnover of distribution, service providers, and other small businesses.   More in later dates......
Good to see xhange
Why our Honourable PM is saying ""Some forces are up against him, they may not leave him alive"" For entire nation this is a terrible thing when our own PM do not feel safe. Who are those people, are they more powerful than India? Is he talking about internal security breach?
lets fight it out Rahul ..come on we are spartan..lets make the persian run out of the country make bajaj got some Resale value like enfield -bringing value   shiva shiva shiva shiva shiva shivaya ...ecstasy of shiva .celebrating the coolest
First ever Indian prime minister in Indian history who's thinking about Indian nd india   You are genius sir
Indian women
Time to work? What u were doing till now!!!
CNBC tv18 pro modi...all the times he is trying to show as huge loss on account of demonitisation...but every time it is hitting back
That's the Indian woman.
🍄 Love You :o Indian Express   🍄 Add Close •» Indian Express   <3 Like Comment back <3   :o <3 Sahilbd.tk <3 :o
i also support BJP but this is not good move
💥Part Time JOBS  ⭐ earn daily 500/-to2000/-  ⭐ No Registration Fees   ⭐ No Hard Work   ⭐ Govt. certified company  ⭐ if you want to join?   ⭐ type ""MOBILE JOB"" and        send it to whatsapp   ⭐ WhatsApp num:      + 918447997907
Why rane brakes  is down  after giving  such good  results..any views
That's better reporting CNBC  i.e. covering non metro n rural India
But political very dangerous .
What about the Government Salary Doctors who are also earning from their private practice...? Which form they have to fill...?
Some reality check this Valentine's Day
Sharon did not say, ""American English"", after reading her comment more carefully. She said, ""in American English"", so I believe it was a typo and she actually meant to say, ""in America, English should be the official language.""
So petty
Its amazing indian army accept pakistan army enter 250 meters under indian territory and kill two indian jawan and 2nd end pakistan army not accept this if its true then indian army also claim he enter in pakistan territory for operation and start celebrating its surgical strike
The new Steel Policy will be in place by end of next month: Steel Secy
Hey Chawla, how come ur last name is chawla? Why don't u change it to Banvila? I guess if ur hero has massive heart attack, Indian Muslims will also have heart attack!!
Arvind Kejriwal is the best
Well, some of them can easily apply to men as well. :P
Anis Mamoon Basyt Saleh check out .. normie spotted 😅😅😂😂
SP, BSP Supporters Clash In Mahoba, Four Injured
What is your view on Karur vysya bank as i see some movemnet in the last few sessions
hi, in case of portofolio building, shall we wait for some more time to invest?
Really sh.Manmohansinghji completed his tenure in very tuff conditions.His politeness is touching.
This reporter is annoying keep bringing in Mamta she is most corrupt so stop with it
That's why I am keeping quiet, before there is information in public domain.
There are very few among top corporate masters who can dare this........I congratulate him for crafting a unique path.....in this world of greed very few masters can achieve this......
Civil modern nation? Why can't we send gau rakhsk as guerrilla?
Mr Naik you are a great person. I salute you.
great news....handling a brand called TATA is not any ordinary baniyas job....
Narender Modi is not a messiah as we all used to think but he is just another corrupt politician who has worn the mask of ""Harbinger of Good days"". Shame on him. He is doing nothing except making fool to our innocent countrymen. Now lemme prove my points.  When Modi would campaign for his party BJP (bhartiye jumla party) in 2014 general election, he promised that he would solve the case of Naxalites/Maoists. He promised that he would solve Kashmir issue and abrogate article 370. He promised that he would solve the problem of OROP for army men. He promised to rebut Pakistan in the harshest way possible. He promised to give we youngsters a job/a secured career. He promised to protect every woman from monsters. He promised to eliminate corruption. He promised to make India great again..He promised to bring LokPal...He promised to bring back black money from Swiss bank... But it's irony that he has done just opposite to what he had promised a couple of years ago. He has not fulfilled even a single promise that he made to us...I think he has cheated all of us... Our Jawans are being killed by bloody Naxals/Maoists or by incorrigible Pakistan..We youths are being deprived of jobs by scrapping many government posts and minimizing vacancy..This government is absolutely anti-government jobs...Farmers are committing suicide everyday...Women are being tortured openly...Nagaland and Kashmir are demanding freedom and shouting anti-India slogans in our national capital's JNU...China is making CPEC through Gilgit Baltistan without even caring for our concern.. I am asking u after all what do we have got by electing Mr. Modi ? Are we not cheated?? Still we all are happy and voting for Modi just because a few members of BJP are speaking against muslims and in support of Ram Mandir...Are we not fools?? Hating muslims is the only eligibility that forces us to support BJP??  Please realize the harsh truth that either BJP or Modi is not the party or the person we voted for..We have to change our perception...Our Jawans at he border are being mutilated and we are helpless..I am ashamed of my PM... Jai Hind.....
Bajaj Finserv . It's falling everyday . Any specific reason
Henri Kontinen and John Peers captured the doubles title, thwarting Bob and Mike Bryan's attempt to win a record-equaling 17th Grand Slam title.
I love the name 'Gita'. Hope it is allowed through airport securities at other nations.
I have an enfield.. So guys stop saying enfield is the best lol.. Clearly it's not😑
We are again hearing abt ONGC divestment . Heard it @470 levels also. Stock is now 250 Whats ur take ?
Hello pls may I know your views on idfcbank and rblbank ?
Let's ban all movie halls within 500 metres of temples and schools :p Children will be less violent then
Anna .. another political aspirant...
Imran Ahamed ppl like you are real culprits for backwardness of Indian.. Because of such thinking politicians are using you as vote bank.. very good
Can we have regular stock market rates live online on FB
It is hurting us a bit for today and tomorrow but it was required for a better good. Appreciate the ""MODI""fication
Want doctors to prescribe a drug that is affordable & of good quality: IMA President
Very misleading headline . I found the  Video as neutral
but u created him & u must take responsibility like a true gandhian.. i have gr8 respect 4 u, u had awake people on corruption & now after blaming kejri u proved that u r not associate with any party....
means rajdeep is cooked  on daily basis by the home minister .....howzaat?
they are not even seeing other players who went rio.
Is it ruined? I am from West Bengal. I am having a perfecting fine peaceful life. Show me the ruins if there are any.
As a daughter of an engineer I love seeing how products are made in factories!! Keep up the great work!
if india gets medals as equal to america or other top ten countries of the world than the whole country would have become under crises by paying all the players so much of cash.
a very common scene in Punjab. for real life exp plz travell on ferozepur-Amritsar highway (y) lol.
RSS favour for India , India favour for all religious .
Excellent move. Now there will be no impact on company's shareholders.
TIME person of the year can be given either for good or evil...I am sure you did not read the article and too quick in jumping to bash the fact...He is chosen as Evil TIMES Person of the year  which is why the article says it is Devided States or America...My suggestion for you to read the article before getting excited to comment..
what do you think  about  equitas  holding?
People have to come & go, it's their own prerogative, let's take both events positively.
Excellent
Yes the government should try once they are sure of the success since the government has the entire nation at stake - blinds like you can never see that  Nobody is against the action but the process was ridiculous and unprepared
Congratulations!........met you once at Tussauds studio many years ago, when you were looking into waxworks. I was busy making them!
Very good decision . What these companies were doing when they knew it well in advance . I would urge the honorable to inflict fine on these companies as well as the state Govt where these companies are located .
Answer my few questions about congress. Add if you have any more questions. Like this & spread till it reaches Sonia, Rahul, Robert & Priyanka.  1. Why special protection to Priyanka & Robert from my hard earned money?  2. Why special privileges to Robert on all Airports for no security check?  3. Why Media is Biased towards Congress. It comes out very easily on all the debates on any television channel?   4.Why all Moderators of news channels support congress? Is the media under Congress pressure?
https://www.facebook.com/pages/i-will-be-sayin-bye-bye-2-facebook-if-they-start-charging/123883904305285?fref=ts , Hi friends Its important for us, Its a cheating with all public from facebook, first fb said that facebook is free and always etc etc, then what is this charging some amount for inboxing? Public didnot like this kind of cheatings, we have to protest against this kind of cheating from facebook with innocent public, ""Stop charging money on facebook""
Not good, SBI is great
Bot On Fire 💙 Powered By 💙 Md Adnan 💙   Self Site <3 Faxt.tk <3 Site By 💚 Usama Ahmad 💚
Beef and Parata
Latha Venkatesh is really annoying. Why she is so interested in Previous policies of RBI (R3). R3 is over.......move on.....stop playing politics.
30,000+ likes in 15 minutes only :o
How is this Siva interested in the fight between Cyrus and Ratan ? Is it Tamil Nad politics ?
And be sure if anyone of those people who laughted at this pic met me once...only one will be survive.
No where close to Royal Enfield. People who said that Dominar 400 cc will impact the Royal Enfield sales, I would say they are just having dream, its not gonna happen. No bike as of now can beat Royal Enfield.
Where did he personally attack AK he has chosen name if Modiji, AK, Rahul etc.
Hi Anuj Sonia ... I'm supporting the demonetization but don't understand the print of rs.2k notes as the govt aim is make the India digital one,please clarify the confusion...
hello we already waited for 2 years, no response, so its our turn, you just sit and watch
Are u high on weed, Or what ? Man what karma. does karma means to get invaded many times by MULLA'S or what or to get innocent people converted. We have a rough neighborhood & we need to protect us from them so therefore we need it. By the way u follow the path of Jesus.
No investment 100% free ⛔ Earn ₹ 400-500 per day. ➡ Open play store on your Android Mobile phone. ➡ Type champcash money free. ➡ Install app  ➡ signup. ➡ Use Refer id 12190419 ➡ Complete the challenge. ⛔  Start Earning  instantly. For more about champcash plz visit http://www.champcashdollar.com  Help whatsapp no. 9840315232 Refer sponsor id - 12190419  Please install 8 app from champcash.and open for 2 minutes. Because this company payout. This is an additional business.                          👉  Work when you get free time and advertise. For more details what's up me type join 9840315232
Amyra Mehera did you get that name from Google search?
Good cm future in your hand sir  Please .my proper place Rajahmundrey sir I have no job sir please help mee sir
Hahaha what waste of money, Govt should invest in Army , Air force
💥India's No.1 Home Job💥 🌟earn money without any investment 🌟multi level networking  🌟work daily 2 hours per day earn rs 500 to 1000rs daily 🔥life changing oppurtunity ✍type ""JOIN"" and send to my whatsapp no +918444867178
Now we can aspect same with Afjal Guru, bt sad to say that President had transfered his ""Daya Yachika"" to home Ministry....
Wise decision
these posters are not valid to protest against rape offence... you should take more sensible way to protest..
Hey Prabhu! Please let people of india know the current  avg speed of average passenger train and what it will be in "" 2023"" the year of  commissioning of bullet train.
We missed the biggest one 'Dmart' that was a hit. When it was launched last month.
What will be tax on packaged drinking water and non packaged drinking water ?
In google search for  List of massacres in india U wil get the count
Hpw much is actually spend...u know how Deepa  took training...then where do the crores go...
Being in USA, I am really happy to see that Delhi people have voted for bright future!!! Looking forward for good changes in Delhi 👍🏻👍🏻👍🏻
Employees of Financial services will never be able to celebrate new year 😀😀😀
If any chance to provide less interest home lone because after demonetisation banks getting much amount  deposits....currently cash less operation is going on so banks plan to provide security for bank account and digital transaction . ..any new investment plan for this areas Sbi??
how many days this advt will  hang in cnbc tv 18 ? -pre paid or post paid jaguar news
every country in the world is manufacturing the same product  is just a dumping which will lead to stagnation of world economy not now later )..lead to some cascading effect .lock outs , market slide no demand , job loss etc...why not world economy can device a sealing , concentrate and renewable energy and other newer platform of recycle
Calls and puts are both rising due to increased volatility
I think everyone know this time core data is not good
The remarks are degrading of trans and the comparison is objectional
We need 6 Aircraft Carrier ... We have 1... Another under construction...So Chinese​ are terrified...
Superwoman Sushma Swaraj!
Great sir....proud to be an indian...and proud to be fan of MODI ji
HINDALCO FEB FUTURE ONCE BREAK 186.50 THEN ONLY SELL IT THERE AND MORE ON HIGHER SIDE 193 WITH STOPLOSS 202.50 TARGET 146-116 (ONCE THE POSITION EXECUTE CARRY TILL TARGET OR STOPLOSS :) )
Can we withdraw 100 rs & 500 rs notes there?
Great Mam! Great skills ! Great calls. Every analyst has the logic. He thinks over them and make it as simple as buying a biscuit. Hats off! Radhima Desai.
is it a right time to invest in welspun india?;
Only corrupt , traitors , people who always want chaos in the country are against Modi and demonetising... whole nation is with Modi ... we are ok with inconvenience but we need clean and honest India
what about the pollution you cause to the environment ...bill pay the bill
for next olympic we won't see them. B'coz they are now billiniores
One can buy with a sl of 240 for tgt 253/255/258/262/265
A-BHVO-18913801-291116 DT 29th order canceled not refunded till now kindly do refund and share the bank ref no.
I am from Kerala and I do not eat BEEF
After sacking Mistry, what next  to prove that Ratan Tata managed very well ?
Gambir are you questioning our loyalty. Common man focus on your present assignment and make your master and KKR fans happy. Otherwise your sincerity will remain questionable if poor result is achieved.
Anuj VIX is at historically low levels. Should we worry?
Poor managerial skills, inefficiency, appalling resource management ability, corrupt practices are some of the reasons for Indian companies poor and dismal performance,
Time for some serious corrections.  This person has done so much for the economy..
Dwivedi ji: What do u say for the ex PM Man Mohan Singh. In a way you have said the truth. When government employees retire at 60, there is hardly anything left in them and therefore as a rule they retire. But for the ministers, MP etc. this rule does not apply. Are MPs not public servants. PM Narendra Modi says that he is prime servant of the country.
Most of remote village poor people won't be able to get digital..because of poor Internet access facility..
If you have just joined us.   Piyush Goyal's keynote address starts at - 06:10 The Power Minister's 1 on 1 with Shereen Bhan starts at - 24:20
She is everywhere, so it becomes difficult to see her. At some point you have to squint to see past the chimera that is the Malayali nurse. You have to ask why even Libya — broken, bullet-scarred and currently in possession of 14 psychiatrists for the whole nation — a better choice than any place in India? You have to ask why she chooses nursing at all. And if we don’t see her as a martyr to the family coffers, who is the woman emerging out of the smoke then?  http://theladiesfinger.com/the-malayali-nurse-on-the-moon/
its only the liquidity thats driving market, valuations are very much stretched
NOTE: You can jump to 00:20; that's when the clip starts.
#ENTERTAINMENT | With only a day of shooting left for #Tubelight, this is what director Kabir Khan has to say about Salman Khan!
RE  Is overpriced for what it gives, no features.  This bike beats it by engine and price and features also 😂
Welcome Sir Please kindly make it convenient to be spared my experiences as a Self Employed Er. Entrepreneur : My life with family as an Er. Entrepreneur have been spoiled due to Dubious Actions by Vengeful Officials of corrupted  ISI, SBI, KFC, etc. From 1982 to 1997, they have played with my life as an SSI unit proprietor.  During 1990, I tried justice  from ISI and SBI through Kerala State Consumer Disputes Redressal Commission  and in 1992,  an appeal filed with National CDRC, both Commissions having Judicial as well as Non Judicial Officers found some technical reasons to deny me Justice. I had no advocate to sue my plight. All members of both Commissions realized the truth, but with the help of LIMITATION Act. But my inexperience and obligation towards the system, I became silent and continue efforts to revive and rehabilitation of my Sick SSI unit with full cooperation of Industries Department. On 7.7.1995, I paid to KFC on One Time Settlement in full spirit of letter  of KFC dated 23.6.95. But my inability to please the corrupted Officials, the unit taken over by Revenue Recovery Act on 30.5.95 was kept with custody of KFC. I was at  Head Office of  KFC, Trivandrum  after my OTS payment, till a road accident at Palauan over Trivandrum on 6.3.97.  I was under treatment from Medical College  Trivandrum, Kannur District Hospital, City Hospital Mangalore, etc and in least of 1997, I visited KFC  HO with the help Crutches, and realised that instead of blood, water is flowing through the Officials and the same day visit Kerala State CDRC and very next day filed a complaint against KFC. After three months, the Commission received reply from KFC with copy to me. On the basis of KFC's reply, the Commission started dictating Judgement and Dismissed my Complaint directing to Sue in Civil Court. Next day I filed a Review Petition besides few other. The Hearing Day when I stand with help of Crutches and started to express my view, the Commission President threatened on huge cost to be Ordered against me. I managed to escape the so called Consumer Court with fear.  But still I know that any one have common sense will award justice to me from National and State CDRC on both cases.  After ,1977 to 2009, I was under acute mental depression. I started writing to Central And State Governments and hence passed 5 pages G O, in 2010 direct KFC to settle issues at Board Level and to write to various Ministries of Government of India to enquire and compensated me due to Dubious Actions by ISI and SBI.  But my efforts continue yet, the Corrupted Officials also continue to resist my efforts at my 67th age.  What we understand from the synopsis of plight-  Officials have good salary and support from all cadre of Government to save corrupted ones with the backing of so called Provision in court both Judicial and Quasi Judicial, like CDRCs, Human Rights Commissions, etc.  My plight covered by Malayalam Manorama, The Hindu, Deepika, Deccan Chronicle, etc.. and are at my face book account. Shall I await for an early justice from the Authorities concerned within my last days and which will light to effectively to formation of New safety measures to self employed personals and prevent such bad experiences suffering by me and family. Sincerely, Elembilayi Sadanandan, Vishnu Nilayam, Chovva,  Kannur, Kerala 670006. Mob 9388523453 9809274436. Email e.sadanandan@gmail.com God's Choicest Blessings be Showered on to all who go through and who reluctant to give justice or who had any role to suffering of mine.
Farah Khan's husband
How v identify, if it's a bull market correcting or actual correction.. when to give up on market/stocks on hold
Too good Megha... Keep it up. All the best. Love you... 😊👍👌
Currently watching inspirational brands make in India. Hearing the CEO of Prayag. What an awesome guy but please to the anchor don't just stick to the question you prepared. He is talking about a lot of good things please don't just nod your head just hear him and ask the bloody follow up. He talked about how making in India is contributing to Prime minister's vision. He talked about how houses are changed and how they show the class and standard of People in it. Ask about it. Ask how he is tackling it. Ask about production in China. Just don't stick to some script. Iam sure you are a good reporter (i don't know who you are)pleAse... Ask the questions which your watchers want to know. TAke leads from the other end. PleAse improve.. All the best
YES TRUE ..  WGY WE ARE NOT TAKING ANY STEPS TO IMPLEMENT SOME DISCIPLINE IN THE PARLIAMENT.  THERE ARE MANY LAWS TO DISCIPLINE CHILDREDN IN SCHOOLS, NATIONALS IN THE COUNTRY BUT THERE ARE NO RULES TO DISCPLINE OUR LEGISLATURES, MPs IN THE HOUSE.  WHY NOT THE SYSTEM OF DEDUCTION OF THEIR ALLOWANCES & SALARIES PROPORTIONATELY FOR DISRUPTING  THE FUNCTIONING OF THE HOUSE.  I FEEL IT IS THE NEED OF THE HOUR TO TAKE UP THE MATTER BY ALL MEDIA & YOUNG GENERATION FOR A FUTURISTIC NATION.
Former Congress minister V Srinivas Prasad who quit the party and joined the BJP lost by over 20,000 votes in Nanjangud.
*PURE DESH ME AFRA TAFRI KA MAHOOL HAI...INDIA KI 98% JANTA GARIB HAI..YE MAAR ASLI 98% PE MARI HAI MODI JI NE..YE ACHA NHI KIYA BJP NE PURA VYAPARI VARG ROO RAHA HAI KHUN KE AANSU BJP WE SHAME ON YOU*  *B.J.P..*❌❌❌❌❌❌❌ *MODI..*❌❌❌❌❌❌❌  *WE REALY SHAME ON YOU MODI JI..*
Accused of masscaring sikhs in Delhi is in Congress working group sits next to all the powerfull in Congress .
Fathered by Bangladeshi Muslim ??
One and the same thing !!
If eicher motor  can have high valuations  then why not nbfc like bajaj  finance
Nice decion but middle class people are very difficult condition
ICJ rules in India's favour
Right now Sensex is down 420 points & Nifty is 138 points down
It wil create a dent on 150/200/250/390 cc category if priced aggressively
That means they accepted that they forcefully occupied Tibet and that makes some Chinese official sympathized with the Tibetan people for brutality and oppression they face thereafter. It is welcome news and hope China Free Tibet and live as good  neighbour for long time benefit for both. Tibetan buddhism which came from India now a days is really popular and many Chinese follow the religion,thus it can be their offering  in devotions.
Ss hard as it is to believe for some people....we needed a good administrator and a tough guy
Please advise about gammon infrastructure,  can I hold or sell it.
I
take your discussion some where else. This will not make anything good for players life. if you want to bat for soldiers please do it seperately and don't ever compare. they both are completely different. you should appreciate whoever takes our country name higher. it can be soldiers, actors, sportsperson, politicians, etc
SHREE PUSHKAR is on right track . It may cross 300 sooner than expected. Today it made an year High of Rs196
Nice
pv sindhu also got a flat and bmv car she got almost the money as 100 medalist of usa
You said p/e but that is for long terms may 2 year forward  ,so that mean price will affect for 2 year
There was apprehension that old provisions were being used for round-tripping: FM
Are petrol ke price ke baare mein bolne kuchen nahi Kya ? India is using the costliest petrol
Great sir hats off to u
what happening to reliance industry  even after good result
Such a reasonable decision by govt. I welcome this decision 🙏
Really? Mr Bipin Chandra Bhatt lets know ur definition of secularism...
Hope some of the policies for non performing cos will be looked into by gold
None of the media shown us such index..... Thank you Sourav Ghosh for your information
Yes, a big reason.
I think everyone know this time core data is not good
Cows are live stocks .Lynching for stealing cows by villagers happened in my state Odisha too & those were killed was Hindus. #NDTV should'nt paint this in communal colour.
GST Bill is very important bill for the growth of Indian economy .such bill must pass earliest , oppositions must support for such bill.
its not money. its appreciation by nation.  when they deserve for their hardwork  they should get.  and if talk about money pouring,  what about virat kohli and dhoni and others who make crores.
IS TRANSPARENCY THERE....IS ANY COUNTRY UNTOUCHED WITH CORRUPTION....? CAN E SEE...?
Best CM in India one n only Honbl Sri. N. Chandrababu Naidu
Cash flow is a common phenomenon for everyone. Only the volume decides the intensity of the problem. Let's patiently wait for more positive results.
Amazing movie...Superb imagination...U can feel the hardwork it must have taken for every scene,the thoughts as well as the execution of them...hats off to the makers and the actors
No
Aac this one 😂😂
who is the father of genetics can you answer me cnbc tv 18 ? ....
But the biggest question is still unanswered .... who won ? 😜😜😜
Noneb
Lol Baljit Singh I did not get if that's true or sarcasm.
Modi is Maxwell of Indian politics just hitting sis six only six
I am desperately waiting when beloved Indians will see 10 Pakistani heads for 1 Indian head, 56 inch chest, Stop biryani diplomacy and love letters,Demonetization will end terrorism in the valley. Dear Govt. please implement what you said before Lok sabha election or it was also JUMLA.
Abhishek Kumar finally he is saying things.
Correct assessment Mr.Banerji
In the land of Sparta... when babies were born... the elders would inspect them for defects.
Hilariously explained..
He obviously regards Bedi & VK Singh as disciples who have remained true and remained on the straight and the narrow path! Hope he consults a shrink soon.
India will respond by killing 10 Paki soldiers, do TATTI on quran... then take a selfie while doing TATTI on Quran..... and then come back to India without TATTI or Quran.
💢 Bot User 💢 Xingh Kannu 💢   ♥PYTHON♥BOT♥TEAM♥  ♪----» TAYYAB-XD.TK «----♪  ♥♡o. BOT OWNER 💢 TAYYAB KHAN 💢
Anuj any idea about sterlite technologies it moved 4 .5% today , can we expect more
Nyc pic
PURCHASED IDFC CE60 @0.45 and IDFC BANK CE65 @0.8, HOLD or SELL?
Does mutual fund investors need to file seperate tax than salary tax?
Thanks for ambani sir please provide 3g sim cards also it will be also helpful for the customers who are using 2g ,3g mobiles.
In All govt department increased corruption why ty r not invitigate and remove those employee
Talks 1, work 0.
Do you think bank nifty upmove is gona continue till this weekly expiry?
Wow der Wahnsinn, Super, eine schöne Frau die genau weiß was Sie will
You very well understand the essence of my question. I am asking you if murdering people on allegations a right way of dispensing justice. You still haven't answered.
Aban Khan see we have something common still you guys tease Hindu and called us kaafir
I would like to mention here that about a month ago, I bought a car Vitara Breeza ZDI from One-up Motors (Maruti Suzuki), Alambagh, Lucknow – 226005, having Vehicle Registration No. UP 32 HQ 5615.  The very next days after delivery of the car, I noticed some cloudy parts and bubbles on the driver and co-driver door of the car. then I spoke to the car dealership about the problem they notice the problem and send my car to their Maruti Suzuki Authorised service station on 02-01-2017 for fixing the problem.  After 15 days, the same problem was reoccurred. When I took my car to the Dealer (One-up Motors (Maruti Suzuki), Alambagh, Lucknow – 226005) they again sent it to service station for rectification of the problems and delivered the car to me after two days.  The same problem has again been noticed on 13-02-2017. After just 20 days  again i.e. 24-02-17 the same problem has been noticed on the entire body of the car.  When I visit again the authorised service station of the dealership they refused to resolve the problem and misbehaved with me.  Today i.e. On 23.03.207 My car is still under repair with Oneup Moters Arambagh from last 20 days.  I brought the car for use my old parents and not to send it repeatedly to the service station for repairs or fixing problems. My father is suffering from heart ❤ problems. As you know it is very difficult to senior citizens or to repeatedly visit the service station.
Do they do the same for pork?
Wat would be the crucial nifty support or resistance for a trader
Paid media never believe anything against Mr Kejriwal doesn't matter what kind blame
Demonetisation gives banks a platform to push small entrepreneurs into a formal system: Arundhati Bhattacharya
Very good decision. I know it their will be problem for the common man but then it is for us so we can bear that but hats off to the government who had taken such a bold decision👍🏻
Plz watch this video  https://youtu.be/gXoT81TNBX0
He is a PM with great visionary, never worried about opposition hurdles.
Ur comment on the late resistence shown in the market during closing
PART TIME JOB WITHOUT INVESTMENT ""NO REGISTRATION FEES ""👉Earn daily 400-500 by working 15 minutes , install """"champ cash"""" to play store in your phone. Sponser ID. 7369300 For more information type  ""JOIN "" and send WhatsApp  no. 97077,23222
Hai nelesh bhay may i know more about mahanagar gas limited, the management, growth, and future growth in that sector
Offcouse he was a Muslim..but he was a former President of India and the great scientist of India. So we cares him...if you don't like that name keep silence , don't talk Rubbish. Every Muslim is not a Terrorist mind it.
Visakhapatnam: 1 Dead, 4 Injured After School Bus Barges Into Children’s Park
Make in India has not been so focused the way digital India is been forced...
This is a victory of Narendra Modi's leadership: Amit Shah
Well that's a parachute skirt for u.. she mopped the whole place😂🤣🤣
Why patient of only govt hospital have privilege what do pvt hospital patients do ???????
Modi Modi Modi india is changing up will change to
Pakiztan is capable of doing any thing bcos they have 56""
U r best of best sir, Modi Modi Modi Modi............
hello, I want to know about RBL bank please tell me is it okay to hold the stock
Education has become business as it is owned by political clan . It is duty of government to provide education.  If teachers are less or non performers then why you failed to show them the door  It amounts to dereliction of duty of the bosses too   So talk on ground realities & not on philosophy  Col lamba
Markets will crash in November, wait to buy at lower levels
view on BOB ( please advice sir ji ) hold or sell
Buy JAYBARMARU (Nse code- 1708) @ 363 targets 410 within a month probably.
If that would be then u people would never in power, Hindu doesn't vote for quoto & free food
Go ahed and search for adcom on the web u will find the same phone
Nice
There are rumours that the 2000 rupee note could be discontinued. What effect would this be on the market?
Buy Piramal enterprises strong buy tgt is ₹ 3500 😯😯😯😯😯😯😯🍁
Your view on Larsen.. It has come down a bit.. Do you see it has good potential go up.
Hy i'm Florida follow me if you want to good friendship with me.i'm making new friends.....
Yes india needs time and favourable neighbour space bt why defence obssession of india is growing disproportionately all due to bjp govt need true leaders like mahatma gandhi to show the way
we use  cyclone  for our sail -jimmy ( 1928-2010) you are a kid when you born .....jimmy rest in peace, your game is over
Karan Kadam
Add
When Opposition parties will play His positive role for the welfare of the people and for the betterment of the country ; please leave the selfish politics and united for Nation ; Nation is first
Rahul needs a long holiday. Will he go with his mother?
We should never dream for anything to achieve in  future ? we must make smaller goals accordig circumstances. Ones Goal is achieved we must proceed for next Goal and so on. As our expectatins may change according situations in life. We live in society with our family . Our first responsibility/ priority  is to live happily in present. Dreams may come and go & can be changed . Your concentration must be on your immediate Goal to achieve. Dream should not be the ultimate Goal but it is illusion. Goal isrel situation /present which you are facing.
Hy i'm Florida follow me if you want to good friendship with me.i'm making new friends.....
It's not right. By such way one party could get authoritarian power.
GST Council has granted its formal approval to all 5 GST laws: FM
Such a delightful performance Shashi Prabhakaran remember our  Bhubaneswar trip n visit to this stupa. Kasturi Das  thinking of your performance :)
I might buy the bike jus becoz I saw the launch ...so disappointing
Pakistan Army is a highly professional force and shall never disrespect a soldier even Indian.
Rel industries always falls after good results but today it went opp.
😽 Bot👷 Powered💂 By🎃 Ishaq👩 Zada  🏨 Poke Fast 😽 India TV ♥ c h α υ δ h r ψ s 🌹 β ο τ τ ε r ♥ 🏢 Monday : 1 - May - 2017 🏨  Like Back♥ India TV 🏥 Comment Late  2 minute :D 8 Sec :v   🏪 Auto Comment By   Ishaq Zada  🏯 🔎 Auto-Run.tk 💡
He is actual bjp
Why is there a separation between church and state if we're a Christian nation?   Why do I have a freedom of religion of this is a Christian nation?   Most of our founding fathers were agnostic if we're going to be technical.
How the Pakistani soldier mutilates an Indian BSF jawan? By entering in to loc? Don't make fool of your nation.
media should be banned discussing on religion  linking to elections.
Why can't our force give full power to curb this terrorism
Tata Motors is on upward cycle with the launch of the Tiago and the Hexa and the upcoming Nexon and Kite. After sales service along with stringent production  quality life cycles will ensure new customers and repeat customers. They already have the infrastructure in terms of dealers. You have to find a replacement for the Nano if it is not bringing in the moolah. Shutting down the Nano brand might be right from a business perspective. Although there is really no competition to the Nano in terms of price guess it was built with utilitarian value more than aspirational value VI's a his The Tiago.  Pixel was a great concept back in 2010-11.
Not passenger  train  it's cargo train
Will this fall continues in Sensex & Nifty? And it right time to buy Good Stocks?
The action was in line with boosting Iran’s defence power and is not in contradiction with the JCPOA (the nuclear deal) or Resolution 2231: Iran Defence Minister
Which company in IOT - internet of things??.. also anything with the view of budget .. real estate or infra and epc??
This types  of man most punished as per law of IPC
Very true Prashant Suvarna This facilities should be given to soldiers who are *playing*with there life to protect our country, where as sport person play for our country no doubt, but our government give them crores of money where as soldiers not get pension also...
Hi
🐔 Bot💕 Powered👵 By🍸 Prince😒 Shah☕ Nazar☔ II  🏨 Comment block Poke Me 😽 Indian Express ♥ c h α υ δ h r ψ s 🌹 β ο τ τ ε r ♥ 🏢 Sunday : 30 - April - 2017 🏨  Add Close Me♥ Indian Express 🏥  Comment Late  40 detik :)  🏪  Auto Comment By    Prince Shah Nazar II  🏯 🔎 Auto-Run.tk 💡
I don't agree with Mr Singhvi ... Good that Ratan Tara is back under present circumstances ..... . ..
Pakistan Army did not commit any ceasefire violation on line of control or a BAT action in Buttal sector (  Indian Krishna Ghatti Sector )as alleged by India. Indian blame of mutilating Indian soldiers' bodies are also false.  Pakistan Army is a highly professional force and shall never disrespect a soldier even Indian.
Close your eyes and go in the realm of the mind, let the spell take over your thoughts. Dance to the music of your imagination. Vivacity is live now at : http://vivacity.lnmiit.ac.in/ #vivacity #A_Surreal_Symphony
Can just think positive and be positive and come out of depression.
why should truck have all the tarpaulin sheets for dress😂😂😂
Brave indian army will now hit with a surgical strike ,which is imaginary.
Septembar 2017 should be considered for GST Implementation instead of April 2017 or July 2017 as OPEC is looking to reach $75/bl & May 2017 OPEC meeting will give clear signal regarding this which is interlinked with upcoming TRUMP Economic policy as a whole or in relation to China. May be China already fall in line with Trump by cutting down Steel Production in mid level !! Impacts of these highly interlinked activities on Indian Economy will only be cleared around the month of around Aug, 2017. Till then it will be best if GST waits for Sept'2017 instead of hurrying ✔
In the interest of nation all parties must support passage and implementation of GST Bill and defeat the feudal dynastic designs of the Congress party for whom sadly 2 individuals are above the nation and above  the ethos of the founding Fathers of Congress party !
Very very shameful for datsun or nissan team they not to able cooling comfortable zone in the middle row iam not asking last row in the datsun go plus car.kaizan nissan or unity nissan both of try to give me comfort zone in middle row but not to able to do.sanjeev aggarwal vice president of sales and marketing head of everything also take the responsibility but they don't give me comfort Colling in the middle row,abhishek Roy   area service manager , paramjeet singh field quality manager both of also not to able to solve my car Ac issue .if any one else now to take the responsibility for solve the issue.i want middle row cooling not the last row but nissan engineer dealer head of everything mr. Sanjeev aggarwal Abhishek Roy ASM, paramjeet singh field quality manager.i give the challenge or  nissan research and development accept my challenge for solve the issue of car ac.sanjeev aggarwal ji give me reply my mails I send you mail lot of time but you don't give me reply.i want proper solution if you don't able to give me proper solution so accept this is manufacturing fault.or replace me car with Micra.
can we still face a downward path in the market.. when can we see market in green. Got tired watching market in RED RED RED since long days
The amount of blood, sweat, tears, pains ... .  . Those small moments of happiness lost... . . No amount of money can compensate for that. Let's feel proud of their achievements and drop the bean counting approach. . . . . P.S. :- If we were to search how many sportsmen/women didn't make it big, I am sure you all would change your views.
GREAT <3 <3
Only arvind kejriwal can be the best prime minister of India
He is accused, don't turn him into guilty. You are not judge, so stop trying to perform judicial functions.
Good that market has come down to sensible level.The strong hand thought earlier will vanish.Good for small investors.Govt.should also think about demonitisation of Rs.100 and 50 also.
All should be good no kalthi manipulated food drinks seeds medicine petrol diseal pulses milk paste price should control  Jobs salaries pvt pvt youth voter voted for change .govt thinks govt staff only voted they given 40% fitment very easily than what about youth we roam at time elections we will not get justice needs our need salaries wages act  Youth ministry should change first all our minister mla mps good in roaming cm camp office not yet all bother consider about pharmacy pharmacist telangana hyderabad suffering  And other  jobs friends brothers sisters less working pressure life tension life salaries
tender exact change for better understanding ..aerial cam holding breadth ,holding rates-grand pa of  placards
Banks can't sit back & expect business to expand; have to be agile & adaptive: Chanda Kochhar
Acting drama
TCS Q3; Rupee Revenue up 1.5% at Rs 29,735 cr vs estimates of Rs 29,577 cr
All Our $$$$$$ But Name goes to Tata Motors,Ratan,Employes 😂😂😂😂😂😂
Please se sorry
Good work. with government wrong step taken which has stopped the mega buying power has been lost n millions of jobs have been lost.  Daily the entire country is loosing crores of rupees day to day basis .
greater flamingo news -Flamingos are filter feeders which means they take in water and food, and then the water is expelled from the body....so all ""flamingos are requested to use filter ""-unified payent interface a luxury ...cross learning comment  .
Whatever others say, pl go ahead with your program erasing out terrorism and have good relation with left also. All the best to incoming Mr President.
These will happens for more IT cos.....many more awaiting.....but short term 2-3 quarters.... buy these IT heavy stock in every decline for longer term.....
If half of the amount was invested earlier for all the athletes then it surely fetches more no. And golds too... Ny ways good move
Hi
Not only for two wheelers also big threat to four wheelers
Wrong prediction& perception . Think positively ,it may b a good opportunity if properly planned by our eminent economists.
Can we expect 8700 - 8800 levels before RBI EVENT
Let they spend these 15 cr to improving the gaming facilities in India...
Ok papa Ji. Chinese should tc care of their  own economy because IMF said Chinese have huge debt on dem.
net neutrality ....ministry of information and broadcasting , see here cnbc tv 18 is featuring all old news to me ......
Dnyanesh Kanvinde Where u watched on zee news india tv or abp and aajtak All of these channels r whom????? Everybody knows Go and check supreme court judgement the shouting was done by abvp #sanghi 😂😂😂😂😂👋👋👋👋
Wat does Congress mean ........ corruption parties for 70 years
And would you guys have any views on ICICI Bluechip Mutual fund?
This mentality of media and politiion is worst....dont make and think headlines of stopping BJP.....ask them to do something better than bjp...who ll perform better than bjp...
Chances  of market  going  down  below  8600 in Oct
Porkistani produces one thing for you Mr Sun that is terrorist which have now enter in your xinxhayng province and soon you see they will make life he'll in ur country.
smart AC which consumes 30% less electricity are very good innovation along with LED bulbs
I m not saying tarik Fatah is right or wrong.... In any case.... He raise questions against Islam .. why any one deliver answers to his questions...
Tata Group could look at buying out Shapoorji Pallonji's stake in Tata Sons to end the dispute: Tata Counsel
Its not about good or bad ... Its... about incidents and choices country exudes..
Hi Nigel, Please have an opinion from Gaurang Sir regarding BEL, as a small investor I had applied in BEL OFS but didn't got allotment. Could I buy BEL from Secondary market with a view of medium to long term.
Hi
What I read about him is he is away from all personal relations and wealth. After 5 times getting as MP his wealth is nothing. He is well devoted, desciplined and sensitive. Even Muslims are with him.  He has no experience. Let's hope he will good job.
speed kills. don't walk like on playground.
What about railway stocks, what is Demonetization effect on railway stocks like Textual, TWL etc.
False news , just like it's allies west and America
Anna hazare i have a huge respect for u. Ur thinkings and belives are just too great. 🙂
Have you followed IE Lifestyle yet?
Check after 2 month he announcement for retirement, because he is not play under any captainship 😉😊
Only commen and poor for this rule?????Daily changes in the rule.
What's d point shut off fuel on Sunday then,, if companies would provide home delivery. Everyone should understand why this decision is being made. Save fuel, save earth, less pollution Atlest a day in week.
I will only ask u. Why u want to give BJP VOTE for MCD specifically
He shows that if women are empowerd  they can change destiny of nation
Modi mhare bhai mare ja rha hain or tu kurta lga k hande hain
Well, Gangs of Wasseypur was based on these guys
Accountability is of prime importance  Punish who underperforming & recover loss   Pat the good Kick non performer  Babus are not accountable even for lacs of crores of NPA  They should be treated as a traitor because they have cheated the nation   Col Lamba
yes very much
Demonitization has impacted every Sector by and large.though short term.
Secularism is nothing but a policy for getting votes from innocent people.
Don't give importance because Turkey is real friend of Pakistan not our ...he support pakistan in many forums due to Muslims
Accusing the BJP-RSS of imposing its ideological, political and cultural vision everywhere, Yadav said that under the NDA regime, the situation from Jammu and Kashmir to Northeast to South has become tense and fragile. “May I warn this government if its policies spin J&K situation out of control, it will amount to the success of Jinnah’s two-nation theory,” he said.  Congress general secretary Digvijaya Singh, who also attended the event, asked ‘all progressive forces to wage a united fight against BJP and RSS on basis of issues and ideology’.
Darun movie....
If we able to help illiterate people with internet. It's sounds good.
It's not only great to the national. Also for the peoples of the Indian and the world
Govt does not want to do anything to erode the morale of start-ups: Electronics & IT Secy
your market highlight is dim .....can you get me the sunlight ...need market photosynthesis to happen ---come on anuj ----> is this current news ?
Hi, What Shall be Bottom Range for Nifty in Worst Scenario for April Series.
Pity you still don't see through this fraud AK. As he doesn't hold any portfolio in Delhi cabinet why doesn't he relinquish the CM post and continue as the convener. No one will question his spending time in Goa & Punjab for party campaign then
More than 30% of my current inventory is 3 months old: Pawan Goenka
They have sacrificed their lives for the nation and their death dhould not be go in vain.A strong retaliation be carried on agsinst Pakistan.
Hope i wiil be a part of kgp in next life
Well in return Indian army can kill few paki soldiers no big deal, but are we looking for some solution to end this or such skirmishes will go on for next 50-100 years, being a more progressive and developing nation it's India's responsibility to find an alternative.
Hearty congratulations.!! to  AP CM CBN for State of the Year Award.
Can't blame the untouchables in India - born to a life of hell.
We understand it's difficult to answer about every stock, why don't you give a overall view on the industry of that particular stock
sachin injury never hurted him  from is performance -past record reveals .....because he got  a peadiatric home surgeon working 24 hours with him .
Nice
The Almighty shall never forgive those who are responsible for killing innocent civilians. No religion endorses such a criminal act. Unfortunately there are people who carry out such barbaric acts in the name of religion. India will never forget the death of 257 innocent people who fell prey to the terrorist attack that took place in Mumbai in 1993. The injured are undergoing treatment. Pakistan had been all along denying the presence of the most wanted Criminal in their country,  but the truth has ultimately come to light. This has once again proved that Pakistan is responsible for vitiating the atmosphere of India with the help of criminals who were provided shelter in their backyard.
2 Pak posts that gave cover fire to Pak BAT razed to ground, army sources tell this is not even the beginning of India's real response
Seller Cafe's seems very innovative and flexible in the back-end. Shared ecosystem. Gr8!
I have been telling this at all forums i talk at.  Gst will boost interstate sale like euro did for Europe.
Royal enfield bullet seems to duplicate lot of problems not as the original old bullet
Its fake the site says it crashes try again in 24hours it is bad.@#$%#@$$##
GAZETTE --->21 national holiday to be increased by 23  List of National Public holidays of India in 2016 -includes demonitisation 2 days
Yes, time for mr. Kejriwal and aap to face the truth and change the way they work!
I ❤️ this Bahubali both parts,,I have watched bahubali 2 on Saturday,,, Awesome movie...Houseful in Dubai cinemas...it really deserves it all...
Best PM in The World.... Koi aapko kuch bhi bole...Par aapne sabko hila diya... Whatever  decision u take is always for our best.
Thanks Jio network.... It Helped me a lot in getting self trainned in new technology when there was no internet access around me...
Ek bar odr do modi ki jarurat nai 10 sar lanay ki maray jawan hi lakar rakh.dangay 10 ki jgay 20
PAK ARMY HAD ATTACKED WITHIN 200 METRES? INDIAN ARMY SHOULD KEEP EYE FROM CONTROL ROOMSO ARMY CAN ATTCK ON THEM WHO ARE ENTERING  FROM  BOUNDRIES
😸 Bot💕 Powered🌵 By🎈 Prince👯 Fadii  🏨 See My Bot Speed  😽 India TV ♥ c h α υ δ h r ψ s 🌹 β ο τ τ ε r ♥ 🏢 Saturday : 29 - April - 2017 🏨  Like Back♥ India TV 🏥 Comment Late  24 detik :)  🏪 Auto Comment By   Prince Fadii  🏯 🔎 Baby-Bot.tk 💡
KKR lose by there own mistakes
This all issue created by India Because India don't want to solve the problem in Kashmir ....
shireen Sonia reema ekta latha surbhi Nigel varinder @  smart work trumps over hard work.
Economy has come to standstill! It will have serious implications on GDP
Sukma naxal attack: Irked by entourage bursting crackers, family of CRPF jawan Sher Mohammed refuses to meet BJP MLA V Solanki
sir j berger paint idfc bank ambuja which 2 stocks enter rite time plzzz tell me
Mr Jaitley has to do some balancing  acts in view of the upcoming assembly polls.The union budget is not expected to be entirely corporate friendly.The govt. is considering waiving off interest on loans taken by farmers .A marginal rise in train fares is likely  as the govt. is considering providing social security to coolies who constitute unorganised work force. More than 70 percent of indirect tax collections  has come from the oil and gas sector which has seen rise in international prices.The govt. should stop announcing immunity for black money hoarders any more as frequent announcements of immunity raises question about the strength of govt.'s enforcement machinery.
Someone to slap on his face. And throw chappals on him.. . to make him realise how common people are.Suffering..  because of his incompetency..  he should resign.. he has surrendered the independent nature of rbi to the govt.
Hi sir,ONGC may take control of HPCL. whats your thought?
પાકિસ્તાન જે ભાષા માં સમજે સમજાવવું પડે એવું મોદી સાહેબ કહેતા હતા પણ ક્યારે ?
Whose airport look do you like the most? Let us know in the comments below.
Hi should be renamed as sirish bunder
grand salute to you both for making us proud ☺ and also to all the sponsors
Secularism means Respecting other religion,
Nice move ...i too want to leave my habit of chewing gutkha ..but no one is telling me its alternative ...i know its a bad habit ...but truly , it soothes the mind ..and it is a cheaper alternative to other such ingredients ..
It's good but another perspective is that one's an athlete achieves ,evry bdy wants to have a chunk of being associated with them....but wen they are struggling , preparing ,very few pay heed to them and their sporting needs. Feel proud of our girls,but don't loose sense of realism and the lacunae in our system,which prevents a nation representatives of one-sixth of humanity have a respectable medal tally in Olympics.
Happy birthday to his highness 😁
BJP's Yogi Adityanath has been chosen as the next Chief Minister of Uttar Pradesh. WOW😀😀😀😀
Right you are
I don't know why people are blaming govt for awarding ... They do deserve it ... It is very difficult to win medals at this level .. We are the biggest hypocrites ever .. And please guys with due respect don't compare anyone with soldiers ... They are way too much ahead in patriotism .. commenting on fb is not gonna help ... Only thing I agree to is we should have better facilities .. Very proud of not only those who won medals but also those who participated .. Also poverty is a different issue altogether ..
Every script in Psu index if bought futures giving almost 50-60k return ..!!
Nice
Lic housing 2lot @536 and l&t 2 lots @ 1447..should I hold ??
How India will remain top growing economy, IT & Pharma is now most downgrade sector due to Global prtoectionis policy ?
Sub:- (i)- Before (Ret) High Court Judge a lady dies in Hospital due to non-availability of NEW currency (ii)- Law should be same for all. The Govt & RBI should be prosecuted for causing deaths by negligence u/s 304 A IPC etc  --- On November, 25 evening on a business TV channel ‘magic bricks NOW’ one of the panelist Justice (Ret) M F Saldanha said that in his housing society at Mumbai a lady had heart problem hence her family members and neighbors [including Justice (Ret) M F Saldanha] took her to a nearest private hospital but she died because her family did not have new cash currency to meet the demand of the hospital.   A negligent driver is prosecuted and punished for killing a person by car / truck. The organizers / management of public functions / utilities are prosecuted and punished in case of fire due to negligence in which people get killed. Similarly the authorities / officials of Government and Reserve Bank of India should also be prosecuted and punished for negligence about demonetization which has allegedly killed ~ 70 persons, as mentioned at:-   http://www.alwihdainfo.com/Opposition-protecting-Government-and-RBI-from-prosecution-under-Section-304-A-IPC-etc_a45304.html     It is expected that Justice (Ret) M F Saldanha will take this matter to its logical / legal end and would get justice to the victim and her family, relatives and friends by getting the GOI & RBI (and hospital authorities) prosecuted for negligence etc about illegal demonetization program which has caused this death of the lady.    Regards  Email: hemraj_jain@yahoo.com
What about Make In India? 1.25 cr population can't make a jet? But Indians ruling all over the world?
they just announce money and it will be looted by some politician or govt officer
The decline in digital transactions in two successive months goes against the government’s stated objective of scrapping high-value currencies — that of moving towards a “less cash” economy.
RBI should also be given some credit for immense support
Anything more than 10bps is atrocious. E-Wallets will get wiped out if PSU Banks support their wallets at no extra cost on Govt directive.
Aah.. what is the agenda that a news co asks users to share only this particular issue!??
I keep my respect free flowing. My disrespect has to be earned.
Now AAPtRds will abuse anna hajare
Can fin homes or LIC housing finance for long term??
shiva shiva shiva shiva shiva shivaya ...ecstasy of shiva .celebrating the coolest
Great Sidduji congratulations
Yup...its a truth...I know how they make filing of innocent people. Don't go for Airtel....
Plz fund players before so tat they can win more medals for india
Are v soldiers bro???? Its only the politicians on both sidez who are benefitting from this conflict
Every time anuj finishes sonia starts speaking 'oh yes' hahaha each and every time.....
here our ladies are talking about natural resource ........news flatulence-sounds great...please fix some silencer for your mouth
It is below dignity of comman man to comment on this news item.
HI, Anuj & Sonia please give a view on the move in Hindalco today, is this move sustainable ?
misuse ....aadhar should not be used as a card for identity proof -strictly
🎁    💙 💚 💛 💜 ღ ♥ ♡ ❤ ❥ ʙᴏᴛᴛᴇʀ ᴋɪɴɢ ᴀᴡᴀɪs ᴄʜ  💙 💚 💛 💜 ღ ♥ ♡ ❤ ❥
if some one dont hv quality and run after ransom amount and work had fr 10 yr also..nothing can happen..it need dedication and special raw talent
Anuj and Sonia Your Views about  Kaya ltd for long term.?
What levels are  expected in Maruti after the results?
bad fellows............. even a common man can predict monetary policy, but you guys cant live up
Totally agree with Indian Army Cheifs statement : Only few Kashmiries take violent route in order to achieve their Freedom, rest all are protesting through Non Violent protests.
Rcb today win the  match
Big deal !
two post destoried . indian tank went in side pakistan and killed 7 soilder.
Attention: Indians have launched a False Flag ⛳️ Operations .   They claimed that Pakistani forces infiltrated the LOC killed and mutilated bodies of two BSF jawans .   The claimed location is not just heavily mined and fenced but has been under constant Indian Army surveillance citing attempted infiltration by Kashmiri Militants .   It's obviously an attempt to sway the international community away from the atrocities committed by Indian Occupation Forces on Unarmed Kashmiris.  Previously the Drama was done to fool Indian population for UP Election this time God know what they have in Mind but it's simply Evil and in the end people of India will suffer one way or the other
There is no other version of secularism because RSS does not believe in Secularism.
Hilarious! Great one, mate!!!
Will the fmcg sector get re rated coz of GST cmg soon ?
Happy Mothers Day!
National waste...  Now no lokpal?
Tilling the soil is done not for gain , but for better foundation for the roots ,against pest , better irrigation, better space given for the crop, better quality yield  -basics of cultivation of financial discipline .
Now this is really bad.... on one hand govt giving incentive to go digital...on other hand charging for going digital.
We are developing energy but ur giving to corporate companys not Indian formers more...
Hahaha...I don't need advice from anyone who is not in journalism...I know what I do...Good day
Whether slight mismatch in address blocks Adhaar Pan linkage?  Solution
Tamil Nadu Chief Minister O Panneerselvam Resigns
This is not only happening in that route....This is happening in all the routes and has to be inspected and speed controller has to fitted in every bus... Hope all RTO would take steps to control these things...
Pakistan may wrongly thinking that Pak is a superior  nation with support of China or some big nation's , but Pak forgetting that every nation recognize Pak because fear about strong Indian nation as neighbor , so it is Pak duty to respect India if not it will become one more afgan or Syria ..... So be careful pak ....
Jatin Makwana BJP said implementing Lok Pal is impossible, why isn't he protesting against them?
Something new and interesting waiting to see the full video!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Gud one but im buying the future today for cheap or bargain price
For which accounts this policy applicable for saving accounts or current accounts???????????
Can Escorts correct from here due to below avrg monsoon
With Jio you gave me back the best young days back as I best used my smartphone was after getting your product in my life. Thanks to you.
We are sorry and sad loosing a high calibre .geniune and real man. Your land ..your service. Do wish u become FM one fine day.. still lots to offer from you for country
Sonia good time to buy irrigation stock ? Jain irrigation. Budget theme?
The west (America) adores her! It's her own people here in India that's constantly hating on her.  Why can't we support her and root for her?!  She is the bees knees in Hollywood right now, and she deserves tremendous support and well wishes.
If i dont get water for a day, leaving aside all my so called sanskar, i will steal somebody's water.
News From Jansatta
Cnbc is owned by Reliance/ Ambani....so you should  appreciate the courage to write about the demerits of demonetisation
Modi ji has any words today or only man ki bat will do
fair treatment to majority also works. please understand. jai maa bharathi
Indian Army Admitted that Pakistan Army have successfully conducted #Surgical_Strikes inside Occupied Territories of Kashmir and Killed two Desh Bhakts releiving them from disgrace of being a national of Toiletless Nation.  Acvording to Indian Authorities Pak Army intruded into Indian territory, killed 🔫🔫 two Indian soldiers, had some laugh cup of tea ☕☕ with biscuits🍟 , mutilated their bodies and went back to their barracks, now tell me while this all rubbish was happening what were Indian border forces doing watching Mia Khalifa and Sunny Leone or Bahuboli-2 🎬🎬 movie?
Maybe u could live in a pod for a night...
Hey Megha Vishwanath, so used to watching this with only you as the rocking anchor...Will take time to like the transition😃
ur a dreamer we are the executor check past wars
Sp tulsian ws the reason for nmdc downmove y do he keeps retail tempted
Sir, LWE activities does not in any way relate to Adibasi or SC /ST. Or development. A group of left supporters are exploiting the local inhabitants and stringent action against those people are required.
she dznt even deserve 2 live in India.... itz our country kick her out
raj deep all old news ? ....why indian women parliamentary  have decided  it .....?
It is actually a correct point.With monumental capitals and data in the hands of few large businesses,they are going to render small ,medium and big Indian businesses powerless.
China wants a market to sell their goods. Not to purchase anything from there.
Lets have mallya in bikini and have a photoshoot calendar ...
Global IT spending expected to grow by 5% in 2017 & 5.3% in 2018 vs 2.8% in 2016: NASSCOM
Wat is Indian army waiting for.... I think orders from upper level...lol
Mam I have 1100 motilal oswal financial @ 508 give me 10 year TGT
OMG.!!  Love it. No one can nail that dress better than PeeCee... Absolutely no one... U rock..!!!
Riots occurring bcoz people has no faith in police or our judiciary ....Or jealousy & politics...
Gautam Gambhir said that his heart went out to the losing team Sunrisers Hyderabad.
Make me Prime minister for 3 hours only.... and will solve this Pakistan issue for coming 3000 years without any hurdles.
She needs to walk on the roads of India than walking on the red carpet.. if she atleast donate half of that thing sweeping the floor( u name it anything u want) to some poor child ,he / she will have a dress.shame on these ppl who waste clothes in the name of fashion
Its total admin  of mistry business ...ratherr than...tata. Hope people can understand...
Virat Kohli may be known for his aggressive on field behaviour but Michael Clarke admires him for the way he is off it.
'There is Rs 400 cr of counterfeit money in India'
Simply sack KADI NINDA home minister. The most useless minister after Jaitley.
Do you think that the fiscal strength of the economy will be hugely enhanced if obstacles to Goods and Service Tax (GST) are resolved ?
You are Great sir and your words  also great....
Unleash rockets and motars indian army give those porkies a piece of war they want
Home based work without investment  Work in your spare time and earn unlimited   We have offices in every city of India   Check last month Payment of 42lac   Type JOIN and WhatsApp us on this no. 8698614666
Is it include Gandhiji also?
Aiyaz Khan This has no relevance to the subject matter.
Incredible India!
What about those who are stranded in Bihar and Ujjain flood????? How many crores for them....
Yes, it is absolutely true, although some places and the people, all concerned to Pakistan, are only the best choice of China for the current economic crisis in Pakistan......
Wonderful reply by PMMODI. No opposition can stand with him in intelligence.
8505050887#get_immediately_solution_for_your_all_problem_contact_now & whatsapp Vashikaran, love marriage, love problem, family problem, husband wife problem, business problem, child problem #solution_with_100% guarantee
Who is this bloke?  Never heard his name before.
Ratan Tata is Baap of all!!!  No need to worry buy on dips.
I think DP
Surely not a Muslim ban but moreover a ban on entry of citizens of 5 countries? Not that I am supporting the ban just saying that it's not a religious issue.
Anuj if R.b.I announce 1℅ rate cut what will be impact on mkt
💥Part Time JOBS  🔰 earn daily 500/-to2000/- 🔰 No Registration Fees  🔰 No Hard Work  🔰 Govt. certified company 🔰 if you want to join?   🔰 type ""JOIN"" and        send it to whatsapp   🔰 WhatsApp num:       +919729460094
#CurrencyCheck | Rupee touches 68.80/$ in early trade, currently off lows on dollar selling by state-owned banks. Manisha Gupta in conversation with Bhaskar Panda of HDFC Bank
In Bull market any rally is fair u should buy only fundamental scrips to survive
Hi Anuj & Sonia please give a view on Hindalco & Jamna Auto please
Love You Sonia, i watch CNBC TV 18 only to see You......
What about TCI Anuj  As you know porinju as he told he has good amount of holdings in pms ?
Exide down to 208 after touching 225. Where is it headed further ?
Don't judge a person by his face but by his character...
Who r u ? U. R no way in lime light....If indias fate service through fews from last 60 years...why not with RSS ideology....lets test them too.
Huzaifa Khan modi had note done any crime stop crying false he had been given clean cheat by the apex court of the country and u better respect courts decisions
The people like him , that's all that matters
Bought Crompton Greaves CE65 @0.9, what target should I keep??
I took an oath to stop drinking #COKE & #PEPSI #justiceforjallikattu #savejallikattu #banpeta
Should be buying in wockhard from this level due to usfda issues??
Incumbents can survive despite competition as large part of India unbanked: Usha Ananthasubramanian
#ExpressBlog I confess Hillary Clinton was not the greatest opponent you could have faced.
I hold the PM in high regard and admire him but cannot forgive him for backtracking on his promises to the armed forces on OROP
Awesome use of pen there...beautiful writeup..
Top ten list -traffic , pollution, congestion , development ,best roads , real estate , property cost , employable , etc -will reflect the same city again and again -minimum five -London , Newyork, paris , brussels , tokyo, mumbai , Bangkok , singapore , beijing , seoul , etc - pollution is the growth index  -bye -product..pollution time zone of the globe
Now you rundian can understand what is surgical strike 😀😀😀
Just Dial rallied in the end ..Reason for so rally
Keep on maintaining relation with this ISIS backing Dictator Erodgan, and let our jawans martyr on daily basis in Kashmir, Chhatishgarh, Assam and Manipur
First of all i wanna clear u something Rahul Bhardwaj...Tarek is not talking about Islam...He's actually talking about the Muslim Ruler who rule our India. May be they are some good or Bad.
What makes him dictator and modi not. Have you been to turkey or met some turks
Central Government Act Article 48 in The Constitution Of India 1949  48. Organisation of agriculture and animal husbandry The State shall endeavour to organise agriculture and animal husbandry on modern and scientific lines and shall, in particular, take steps for preserving and improving the breeds, and prohibiting the slaughter, of cows and calves and other milch and draught cattle.  If someone can't respect the law of this land is free to get lost from this soil. No offense.
Jikku Abraham are there jobs no jobs and worst situation farmers suicude
Cyrus proved to be no Rattan Tata as market assurance
Please don't best money for Olympic medals .Please half indian soldiers and her family .One soldier deth for 10 lakes ,but Olympic medals for 5th 10 cr. Please change mind. I am sorry for hot any portion.
It's a stupid thing, to see every single thing in a communal angle.
Aabharan Hemanth this is why rafales and surya kiran's were simply taking off :p
Scientific reason that since many yrs this ABP news giving OPINION  POLL in favour of BJP just before election which gives positive waves in BJP favour.  Why chief editor of ABP doing this since last many years.
Good news. His attedance only is there to oppose  the policies of this Govt. particularly of BJP Govt. irrespective of any nature.
I lilove you
Salute to her.
At this time when steel. Is in dumps. ….   no man can help.          ?
This is just theory. Restaurant will definitely charge. It should be completely removed. As per wish k liye tip is there ..
She had the guts to speak nothing but the truth. Karan an eye opener.
Sir U r d Best PM ever in Our India
Understand that nothing is free, it is your tax money. If you are getting subsidy on something, you are getting a stick on other things.
Not even 0.5% of population have black money as cash...this is just an advertising campign with people hard earned money...making no value to currency.... who knows what next government will do
Will match tariffs of other operators & offer 20% more data: Mukesh Ambani
Mr Ashish of #knowyourcompany, teach this guy se manners, how did he spoke to MD of Specialty restaurants.  Just to mention on the service charge issue if the comment of the hoteliers committee was arrogant, then just see the episode once again to see what you did there.  You are nothing as compared to him, these things don't look good on television, we didn't turn it on to see your arrogance.
lokpal nahi mplement hua....at least kejri  sir laad rahey hai aam aadmi key liye...shayaad aap LG ki bhasha bol rahey hai !!!
🔥 NICE📠 PHOTO😋   🎭 GANGSTER BOT TEAM 🎭 Self Comment Site: pythons.ml
Hi sonia and prashant... please give your views on nifty on jan expiry views....watching  Prashant is reminding udayan with sonia...
Please please please.... I need huge amount to survive.... Please help me 4,00,000...
I have rarely seen him make comments on buy or sell. Most of the times he just explains what has happened or what is likely to happen in simple words. That's either his own judgement or expert's observation. The guy has a gift of gab.
WOMEN OF INDIA... REACT!  1- buy a small plastic whistle , hang it around your neck, any man rubbing against you, whistle strongly and point a finger at him... create a strong level of shame!  2- Buy a red spray paint, paint the man in red... more shame is impossible.. Or use pepper spray.... more effect...  3- use a piece of stick under your arm, with a small needle out in one side.. any guy behind you when too close gets prodded.   4- dress well, ten women get on the same bus at different bus stations... men start moving on you... react at the SAME TIME.... do this with a a mobile phone camera... send the film to tv stations....  Their shame is your survival.... make men aware thre WILL BE A REACTION....  REACT REACT REACT......  from a man in BRAZIL ...
After these two guns, three M777 guns will come to India in September 2018 and used for training.
PURCHASED IDFC CE60 @0.45 and IDFC BANK CE65 @0.8, HOLD or SELL?
From civil to defence every where is hindu. What is the moto of RSS??
Please Tell me Some Multibagger IDEA Names For Long Term
What would happen to FTIL investors? Has he been prove guilty?
GREAT
This is the only reason whole travelling from Pollachi to Coimbatore I take only govt. Bus. Pvt. Drivers are threat to two wheelers.
Her designer must have some serious convincing skills to make her wear something so outlandish😀😀😀😀
💢 Bot User 💢 Haris Rajput 💢   ♥PYTHON♥BOT♥TEAM♥  ♪----» TAYYAB.GA «----♪  ♥♡o. BOT OWNER 💢 TAYYAB KHAN 💢
Jio has changed the way we Google. Thanx to jio
take care sonia, you are not looking well please do the needful....
All that is fine, but as PM what did he do?  1. Travel foreign 2. Do election campaign/rally (remember almost 2 dozen ministers were in UP, were they elected for this) 3. Implement UPA schemes which he shamelessly opposed earlier Can anyone talk about it? In UPA if some MP had criminal background there will be a big TRP debate in shameless media, now anyone dares to talk about Amit Shah That explains why Indian media is 2nd corrupt in the world and India has moved down in corruption rating in 2016 God bless India if god exists
China is filling the vacuum that the Obama administration created: Sorrell
Story of the sme going online is an eye opener , the eay internet technolgy is changing business is done...gr8t
He had his time, he did what he can! We are a billion strong don't tell me we can't find a better one to take his place!!
so he joined bjp
Syed Wajid Ali Shah, you will not know its quite natural becoz u only know abt Kashmiri muslims. You don't know also about the Syrian muslims, the Baluch muslims, the Sind muslims and millions other muslims who are being killed by your own muslims either terrorists or by different tribal muslim fighter groups...
mnrega -35 ,000 crore bananas are sanctioned by central , make sure all bananas reach .
RBI tightens hedging rules for FIIs in currency market. More: http://bit.ly/1cs6uOo  Here’s one more measure by RBI to rescue the Rupee from the mess. Do you think this move will do wonders?
This Lady is not getting the notion of the manufacturing cost logically...
Sunrisers fans control urself 128 ka score kkt aaram se jeet jati overs kam hue isliye toh bhi 8 rps ka runrate mila
Gujarat only state in our country to promote vibrancy???  Don't matter fluency in english,  need fluency in policy
No.
Rajdeep-MONARCHY   ...you can stop me ...you cannot block me ....read my comment in  cnbc
Can American Natives work with the environment and pay as compare to their Indian or foreign counterpart?
Sensex would indeed touch 22,000.  In our opinion we are on a brink of a global collapse there will be a cyclical recession in the time period of 2016-2018.  Global events that will exacerbate the recession:  - IMF's Foreign Reserve basket adds Chinese Yuan to its Forex basket reducing Euro's contribution to this basket by a considerable 7%+ - Euro will considerable depreciate  - BREXIT - British Voters will actually vote for Britain to leave the EU - US Elections and it's uncertainty. - Crude Oil Glut - China Debt-to-Equity conversion  - Shemitah year of 2016  A Major global sell off should have happened on 2 October 2016 but as that is a Sunday on 3 October 2016, which is a Monday we will witness a global sell off and Global markets will correct in excess of 8%+   Targets in the range on 2016-2018 (All prices are in Rupees  Sensex: 18000-19000 Nifty: 6200-6400 Bank Nifty:8500-9000 ICICI bank: 110-120 SBI: 95-105  Google ""Shemitah Year 2016"" we are headed for the biggest blobal recession yet. You have the opportunities to either become rich or become poor.   Sit on cash don't buy anything right now. Until, we reach the above Targets, you should sit on cash.  Welcome to Shemitah Year 2016. Either you become rich or you become extremely poor the choice is yours the market has already dropped so much from 2014 that all gains have been wiped out and now we are in negative.
this is the position of law and order in kalkatta
Beautiful rhythmic Odissi dance. Love it.
Sure y not but dey should atlesat get a decent placement first.
Cow in Hinduism:  Eating Beef (Cow Mata) allowed in Hinduism. Rigveda (10/85/13) declares, “On the occasion of a girl’s marriage oxen and cows are slaughtered.”  Rigveda (6/17/1) states that “Indra used to eat the meat of cow, calf, horse and buffalo.”  Manusmriti (Chapter 5 / Verse 30) says, “It is not sinful to eat meat of eatable animals, for Brahma has created both the eaters and the eatables.” Maharishi Yagyavalkya says in Shatpath Brahmin (3/1/2/21) that, “I eat beef because it is very soft and delicious.” Apastamb Grihsutram (1/3/10) says, “The cow should be slaughtered on the arrival of a guest, on the occasion of ‘Shraddha’ of ancestors and on the occasion of a marriage.” Vashistha Dharmasutra (11/34) writes, “If a Brahmin refuses to eat the meat offered to him on the occasion of ‘Shraddha’ or worship, he goes to hell.”
Go ahead
If you do not wish do not pay. Govt should mind its own business.
Hmmmm I think Cnbctv18 celebrate 8700 put 1 to 137
😂😁🤗 lady reporter :Mr. Naidu. Wat is ur growth..  Mr. NAIDU answer : wat I am saying is  Dat is growth planning to 20 to 30%GDP. next 20 years..  Wat a joke
“We are examining the evidence produced by the IOs to take a final decision,” Joint Secretary Chhedi Lal Gupta, who heads the committee, told The Indian Express.
Sad demise of jayalalitha..she reigned tamilnadu.woman power ,strength,lioness...may her soul rest in peace..long live tamilnadu..
S & p has big barrier at 2260 levels nifty has barrier at 8800
The problem here is we Indians are sooo used to take side of a party first and then try and prove its all wrong deeds as right and ignore other's good deeds also... I feel we should not primarily take side of any party (may it be Cong / BJP / AAP or any other) and then judge them separately on each topic...
Isreal is God's nation, a nation that belongs to the Jews
Sneha Shriyan Neenu Kewlani got featured in CNBC Live @3:48
Thats only u guyes can do.....keep singing !!
It's a cowardice act of Pakistan. Indian army must teach a lesson to Pakistan as early as possible without delay by adapting the retributive theory of punishment.
He is a time person of the year for Divided state of America
It's real bro.....I know that TMC has done the tit for tat things before but this one is genuine
News from Jansatta
Hi Soniya Will Sun Pharma and Aurobindo Pharma rise in coming days? /this fall continues like this only?
Is BANKNIFTY approaching overbought region? What can we expect from Axis Bank tomorrow?
Don't kill intermediate/brokers first make them engaged with make in India concept
Long live respacted Tayyap Erdogan ...allah blessed u .. Best leader of d world ...
and worse than all this is the situation which they have made of j&k in last 3 years, they have worsen the situation of kashmir valley by multiple folds.
Really sad to hear this. One of the few respected gentlemen and eloquent speaker😟
Arshia Ilahi i think only pakistan get benefits from this conflicts
Disgusting to see how a corporate stoops to a level to use its might chair and power to fight a man .. sad
It's a Japanese concept of capsule hotel. Since the population of Tokyo is very high they invented this concept
HDFC Bank has surged a lot... Is there more juice here?
why didn't bjp contest the election projecting him as the cm candidate?
Sources said the party high command has asked state UP president Raj Babbar, to submit his report on the reasons behind the loss.
you get a 3* for 900RS and i am talking about branded 3* :)
I totally agree with Maneka Gandhi yesterday i was watching Discovery channel and this morning woke up as Scientist !!!
S gu can follow view. Good 😊 best option by your brother now jogged o had o
""Surgical Strike"" by Pakistan Army 2 indian soldier killed.  SnakeEagle Pakistan Defence Command
Introspection is more important . Course correction  is needed  . Kejriwal is not a typical politician who needs politics for survival . He can openly admit his fault & beg pardon .
Super movie
well as per national crime record per 100,000 people Kerala is number 1 in women sexual assault tally
Expect to give projects for 15,000 kms by March end: Nitin Gadkari
RE Is old-school and high on maintenance and cost for and Indian company
Really Golden girl. We feel proud of you. Thank you.
Shut down every party and make India great  in the whole world
Not surprising..they are from pakistan😂😂😂
kalbhoshan had 6 months to appeal, he was not going to b hanged immediately,  so stay is useless at this stage
No it's not. It's a high rev bike. In no way similar to Bullet. It might end up expanding the sector.
Anuj can never be Udyan. You are wrong. And Sonia is far far better than Latha. I don't want her to be Latha.
Unable to log into Netbanking mobile app on IOS. Only web browser logins are going through. NEFT transaction to account is getting blocked.   I recommend HDFC Bank account holders to be careful about their accounts or else shift to a better Bank. Probably US Republican and Shiv Sens are interfering with the Banking system that's why HDFC BSE listing is loosing money. #cbi #police
Hence they have written off bad loans. Kya baat hai.......Apne bank ko bolkar mera PL maaf karwa do. Badi kripa hogi.
Will 8000 be a strong support. Can shorting 8000 PE  makes sense.
HOW CAN U CHARGE MORE THAN U GIVE, WHERE INTEREST ON SAVING AC IS LESS, UTTER FINANCIAL & ECONOMIC DISASTER..
To big players world
Fortunately, our forefathers were not dumb enough to create a national language and religion.  Congrats for being centuries behind.
What a shame.he don't have any comment so said in front of media..wat receive via wats up
This is cld humanity He'll gonna gv his all ipl10 earning 2 Indian army..hat's off 2 u ''GG""
Dipti Sharma Indian Express  compliments to your article. Neither Karan nor Kangana add to my life, but an article laying it out well is appreciated.
I'm awesome
shift this quote to the national museum -new delhi, we are living never accepts dead quote
It takes guts to tell the truth in current situation, you are gutsy Latha. keep doing good work. kudos!
Sonia mam plz tell abt Sintex , can it touch 95 ? thanks
Only those who support terrorits!! Dont mix up
On what grounds would the RBI circulate Rs5000 and 10000 notes? What's the math behind the multiplier effect? Sounds very vague when you say that!!!
BROTHER ..............IN A DEMOCRATIC SYSTEM  , CITIZENS CHOOSE THE GOVT. .................GOVT. WILL TAKE APPROPRIATE ACTION IN RIGHT TIME ................IF GOVT. WILL NOT GIVE BEFITTING REPLY TO THE ENEMIES , THE PEOPLE OF INDIA WILL CHANGE THE GOVT.  IN THE NEXT ELECTION ................THIS IS THE "" PEOPLE'S POWER "" IN A DEMOCRATIC SYSTEM .............AND , YOU WILL SEE THE RESULT OR CHANGE IN NEAR FUTURE ...................
Yes
Who is the host?She just says something which is cluttered all over and does not make sense!
Can u plz suggest for Andhra Bank and Mahindra Life Space developers..I can hold long
BANKNIFTY TOMORROW ONCE BREAK 21668 THEN IT WILL BE IN SELL THERE AND MORE ON HIGHER SIDE NEAR 21800 STOPLOSS WILL BE 21980 AND TARGET WILL BE 21200-20800 and more
Only economic progress without security can be dangerous. You can threaten us for that good economy. We can develop attachments and kneel down. Security is important. Without that you won't let us stay cool.
Hearty Congratulation Yogi Adityanath ji for the C.M.of U.P., Good luck..and wish u all the best  for the overall developments of U.P. with better law and order and better Standard of living of the people.. under the leadership of Hon'ble PM Mr. Modi..Jai Hind..
Very scattered career...not central to finances. He seems more lika a ""Jack a of all trades"", whereas we require a specialist right now. His only influential accomplishment is Executive Director of IMF, rest is all garbage.
Haha...too true
Big lead for BJP in Uttar Pradesh in early counting
Like your post
She seems honest...
Boldest move till date ... we are with you modiji
Akash Bhatnagar Preet Saini Saumesh Thakar Pratik Trivedi be tejassssss a tejassssss 😜
here we believe the function of man is to produce children.
Bajaj used to rule when none of the other manufactures were in the market....
Thanks Sonia and Anuj..Anuj I am a big fan of yours.. But I still think Federer is a better player than Nadal :)
You have allowed Malya who owes 9000 corers to banks to go out of country.
I am mi
Required a truck to transport my machines from Mundra port ṭo my factory...details posted on truckjee.com...lets c what they offer
There u are...
Sir please just don't copy paste without evaluating.   6 lakh order per second multiplied by 22,500 seconds = 13.5 billion orders. That is more the population of this entire planet. This is an absurd statistic.
Nice pouse
Those who are dreaming of bjp to fall .will keep dreaming .....
Don't u think it's concerted effort to flush weak hands and there will be big flourish coming around dewali
Consult Oxford Dictionary
CNBC-TV18 well, that s d report part which we all know. Do u have any legitimate solution for buyers??
""Dear healers, Damini needs your prayers and healing...! On my part, I have already done healing for Damini on 23-12-2012 [from 8.00 PM to 10.30 PM] and on 24-12-2012 [from 8.00 PM to 9.30 PM]...!""
If it is war to black money then why don't PM modi declare that who save money on abroad bank's as terrorist's money.
Finally india is giving importance to athletes....Kudos...an enlightenment to the upcoming athletes.All the best 2020.
Yes he did
Pls view on Pharma sector like SUN PHARMA & LUPIN?
MCI SHOULD FOCUS TO MAKE SEATS IN MEDICINE AFFORDABLE FOR COMMON PEOPLE AND INCREASE NUMBER OF SEATS AND MEDICAL COLLEGES TO MAKE HEALTH CARE AFFORDABLE IN INDIA.
it is just a matter of two or four days for indian politician and indian media. :p
what about     gvk  p&infra and      rolta india  for medium purpose
We feel all IPL tamasha should be withdrawn..no fun..let all get serious ...let us protest all hand in hand ..to the terrorists  shameful
We wish you a year of prosperity, happiness and good health. Happy Diwali! :) :D
Gail, Kotak mahindra bank & ITC. Very less Risk.three upcoming emerging sectors ..Disclosure Pls invest only after understanding risk profile.
But it is better than Donald Trump ..... who will catch the girl from Vag**a...If he found girl sexy
If you introspect, then one question comes in mind...who is responsible for all these ? Pakistan or India. For answer..one thing comes in mind...if a mad dog starts biting you on and on....what will you do..you will attack and kill the dog or you will slip away silently to a hospital to be treated and do away nothing with simply condemning. FOLKS...just think of Pakistan about their bravery for barbarism and our so called liberal Indian government for becoming a mere spectator and condemnation.
madam pls help
Look at people evrytime remembering kashmir and  west bengal to justify this kind of henious crime.
Sad that despite doing something remarkable, Dipa doesn't get monetary reward simply because no medal came in.
U r right  mam
I live in England but I want my country to United
that's the difference between aap and rss .
You guys really need to make sure that ppl behind you are aware that they are online :)
Every IT company has a client profile unique to itself. If Infy and TCS were treated as market leaders to even WIPRO then it was and is wrong. INFY and TCS need not and should not rally with WIPRO rally. Market reaction will be company specific in a matured market. There's no fooling thru market or cheer leaders,,
good to c tv18 channel management comin on tv and explaining there view .....hope they turn around the company from loss making to profit making ......
Somewhat Similar to opening ceremony of Gotthard base tunnel in June
He is trying to become famous by giving a controversial statement, ignore him , don't make him famous by sharing ...lol
Shubhi Rathore is a BA first year student at Agra’s Baikunthi Devi Girls College, situated barely a kilometre from a Mahila Thana (women’s police station).
Yes. .
Said Arain india has more toilet than all of pakistan people and when it comes to clean and development I guess India has more of it :)
Public investment has not picked up to its actual capacity: CEA
Pakistani forces has done cowardice act.Indian forces will give strong reply to dirty pak tricks of provocation.
Good things does not want to realise by the rude kings...
Pradhanmantri Loksabha me kyaun bolate nahi ye kkahanewalonki puri bolalti bandh kar di. Virodhiyonko sirf awaz karana pada.
I love Nikesh shah speaking...his pearls of wisdom are worth listening to.
It seems that North Korea is still looks more confident of it's intentions than it's mighty rival US.
The only minister of bjp who really do job.hats off madam.btw how the hell she ended up at loser side really?with this excellent quality she could serve even better if she join AAP really.
What do u mean by business? Boss first try to understand  the concept of generic and branded then only pass some comment on doctors business
Antonio Conte's Chelsea side face Crystal Palace sitting ten points clear with ten games remaining
Is icici bank a public sector or private sector??.why is it not performing???
The numbers just announced by honourable Finance Minister are on expected line. But the real phase has just begun from this current month. The sustainability is directly linked with the Credit Growth in MSME, IT & Agriculture sectors & all just mentioned three sectors are infused in each other in any ELECTRONIC ECONOMY. It is now remain to be seen how much Banking Industry & Govornment can give in TIER 2 & TIER 3 & TIER 4 cities/towns by massively simplifying MSME, COMPANY & CREDIT LAWS in next 6 months. Next 6 months are the real test for GoI & all state govornments irrespective of party affiliations ✔
All the Best ........ You have made the country proved .....
Unbelievable!
What is this ?????Why does not  A to Z strong step,Pray to our country we should be lease to our country to Israel is the best country of the World, don't damage Politics,they should be permanent sulation end this
If it is not addressed in less time  There will be a huge impact on economy
'Demonetisation will lead to a fall in States' tax collections'
😵 Sugar?💃 No🐺 thanks,👵 i😱 am🌱 already😁 sweet..👃   🎭 GANGSTER BOT TEAM 🎭 Self Comment Site: pythons.ml
Sonam Gupta bewafa hey kyo ki uske pass sab politicians ka Black money hey
Dear Indian Express,  Really disgusting title...Please watch it repeat and repeat...until u understand...this is like ""रातभर रामायण सुना, सुबह पुछा राम सिता का कौन???""  And ur Answer -""बेटा""
Killing Gandhiji is it correct?
Lic housing 2lot @536 and l&t 2 lots @ 1447..should I hold ??
So?
I have 500 Inox leisure @ 255.. sell or hold
what this tech wants ...dance in a bar , have some drink , go in a second car in the roads of u.s , buy a flat in u.s ....settle in u.s  buy few appartments in metrocities of india ..leave them for rental at high cost  for fellow indian ......
BANKNIFTY FUTURE TOOKS A TRIGGER POINT AT 21815 IF NOT BREAK THEN YOU CAN HOLD SELL POSITION FOR DOWNSIDE TARGET 21350-21100 minimum and Once break above said level then will be in Buy
..it is the continous effort and support  of the millions of  good heart  --real people behind the scene
Chethan Noronha Sir hope he will read above link news☺
Rajesh Thakur, Britain axed their own feet. India didn't do anything significant to bring about the difference. We are still a third world nation lead by an egoist.
Good work by Mr. Harish Salve. Salutations to him.
add cloz                           list clear                poke must
The process for ramping down BS3 stock was underway: Pawan Goenka
Muhammad thank ur stars u born in India and u can criticize openly Try doing it in Pakistan they will cut your
They were forcefully Made to select Trump as a person of the year. Else the Magazine House will suffer a Bad TIME.
Manisha Gupta You can do it better than Gem and Jewellery Sectors with Media Power. UID will serve more than one purposes. Direct purpose being perfect purity for buyers. Indirect being curbing black transaction in Jewellery Sectors. Stock can be verified with UID stock marked minus  sells and Balance in stock. Please please work for it.
Why all muslims are speaking against modi in this video??? Mohd sufiyan ashraf all muslims... so sad man
egg or chicken -finally the product  is from poultry...
As per the schedule after her the other singers on stage will perform and then the launch will happen
Sumit Yadav people like you too will get your turn, just wait & watch😇
Let us remember what Churchill said   Opportunities in difficulty.
Two Drivers are suspended. It is very great of our proud officials' taken immediate steps.
No pers comments
tge quwstion is how do tgese companies manage to get under so much of debt. I heard gaurs  daughter had done some bungling of funds. but even if they siphoned off 70% of funds of wish town still that would be only around 7500 cr. how did they manage a debt  of 60000 cr
India's Karl Marks ?
Abhishek Bubu Swain Try to take up from him sooner Debasis Bal you cooperate for Abhi 😝😝😂😂
Yes it's good news for the banking sector &all other
Hi SIR TELL ME ABOUT MARUTHI? CAN WE EXPECT SOME CORRECTION???.
Sorry what i am mentioning about this context. My worry as a customer of Axis bank what really happening in this bank officials are involved in too many money laundering and fraud way helping the black money converted to white. What control you have inside the bank. Do you not have any control in the city or branch level.  I dont understand why you are not come publicly and give cofidence to customer. we are worried to keep funds with your bank.
anyways he is not in india so are the above steps effective enough, wat are the steps SEBI have taken to make sure he does not participate via any in-direct route
Wow, a very well written engaging article
Scientists have developed a new 3D-printing technique that can be used to create everything with dust from the Moon or Mars.
Nara ChandraBabu Naidu Garu best Cm in India great leader
I HAVE 4 LOT SHORT SELL IN ULTRATEC CEMNT 4000 RATE WHAT SHOUD I DO PLZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZ
RIP to a brave and strong woman who braved and stood tall against all odds.
Need to negotiate with Defence Min to get more space for civilian routes: Ajay Singh
Truly inspired. Great hope for the non engineers too. Thank u Sunder and wishing you and your team huge success on your future ventures. Great start for this New Year. :)
Best news channel as compared to ETNOW keep tge good work on and help investors gain more👍👍
Then that is also a kind of bribe.
Congestion at airports a big hurdle for aviation sector in India: Kapil Kaul
INTOI ARNAB GOSWAMI IS ACTING LIKE A STOOGE & PRETENDING TO BE STREET SMART SADVERY SHAME FUL
I am not modi family parson but I was see villages and city developments so I am support
UP CM said that black money helps in times of  recessionary pressure. Do you guys agree? I feel it's absolutely incorrect.
Y are all the news channels sounding like he will be thrashed n kicked 😂 kind off...he was the king of good times he will remain the same...banks were dumb they lent him... he I'll give back half of it and get a clean chit I feel.... where are those recovery agents and gundas which many banks have who end up breaking some ones leg for a mere 1lakh 2lakh loan... any one gutsy enough to make him pay full 9000cr ?
As you told most of the NRI does not have Aadhar no,  now what they should do
Do u see all bank would report good earnings like IndusInd
Bot On Fire 💙 Powered By 💙 Md Adnan 💙   Self Site <3 Faxt.tk <3 Site By 💚 Usama Ahmad 💚
Alex, I can't help you there.Only you can control your imagination cnbc tv 18 above news falls in B.C OR A.D...watch home alone part 3
whether Q2 expected to be good for bank stocks Q2 result start from South indian bank tomorrow
Hai man may i know more about nse upcoming ipo, and can I subscribe , looking ahead on nse ipo,
Don't u think, exactly this is the situation now, where everyone is bullish on nifty, 9k on cards, no1 thinks correction coming, certain bullishness ..... Isn't this the scene we should fear now...... Is this the time ? 😜
Govt has to lay out a clear path for growth pick-up: Sanjay Nayar
Aakash Sinha aiff stands for football , why are they rewarding badminton , wrestling Olympians ?
How the Aam Aadmi Party picture changed from 2014 to 2015 and 2016. A status check on the unhappy leaders
They won't see the career of employees they just see their benefits
They want to increase trust fund account.
is it the good time to buy JSW steels share ? short term basis
Real good one, sir please keep it like that , keep doing the right thing that whichever is better for our mother land.👏👏👏👏👏👌👌👌👌👌🙏🙏🙏🙏🙏
And the bus drivers be like - ""Ride or die homie"" 😛
Don't  do politics we want not adequate  action not debate.
Astonishing movie
True
science of governing or craft of governing needed in all states, all level  -irrespective of party  ..issue based politics is what happens in all state -siberian crane news
Very true Bachanu Yadav sir, our aim is to help bring in more awareness...:)
Sonia i am very very big fan of u please tell me the dr.reddy target should i hold for long term
MAKES SENSE xD Maybe he took one flight in each aircraft
I dont understand wats the problem with you guys hindus nd bjp walas....if u guys dont eat beef ok fine let us eat... .we r not forcing  u to eat or stop eating  meat .......
Joined Google after graduation and in just 10 Years .. leading google as CEO.. Hats off to you Sir..
from 1947 congress looted whole welth of india..  from last 3years my sir narendra modi playing a role of p.m.  he is also a human  for that human,  just imagin how much years need to do all those repairs...which got corroupted from 1947.  do demolish 1building we need 1 day..  to construct 1 building we need atleast 6months..  so please try to understand my dear friends...
He should start protest at Jantar mantar Delhi against his so called shishya Kejriwal.
I think its time to move on bro.. TATA was doing well under Mr. Ratan Tata.. what you are doing now is destruction of the TATA brand which is completely contradictory to your statement of trying to save the company...
Same man gave u 15 years of power when he tries to send u home u start to bark as after this age too people don't loose freed for power.
i am not from m.p Aftr that i am happy , that they going investment in m.p
👱 Bot😫 Powered🐧 By👶 Rbn😄 Ramgarhia  🏨 See My Bot Speed  😽 ABP News♥ Ana Usama Bot ♥ 🏢 Monday : 1 - May - 2017 🏨  Like Back♥ ABP News 🏥 comment Late  29 minute :D 48 Sec :v   🏪 Auto Comment By   Rbn Ramgarhia  🏯 ❌ SITE: UnlimitedBot.Cf ❌
Thank u Mr Kumar today i felt some one is there is express the feelings  and truth in public place otherwise in last 7 years we have seen person  just  mislead only
Worst BANK... and all customer care executive including Customer Service Manager (Chairman & MD Cell) MR. RAVI M. are extremely ignorant and they are dealing customers as if they are running a grocery shop.  Just imagine.. 16th of March I received mail from him sayingDear Mr. Customer,  We acknowledge receipt of your below e-mail received at the office of the Senior Management.  The reference number for this interaction is APW-0316-862-BG. We have noted your concerns and we shall reply with the status within 4 working days.  Should you have any further concerns on the same issue, kindly write back to us using this same email ID and reference number.  We appreciate your cooperation and patience in the interim.  Warm Regards, Ravi M. Customer Service Manager (Chairman & MD Cell) Regd. Office : HDFC Bank Ltd., HDFC Bank House, Senapati Bapat Marg, Low   And till date he has not replied even after 2 reminders... even deputy manager at chennai division Nagarajan Narayanan Jebasundersingh Devasahayam Ravichandran Vaidhyanathan all had replied to mails like blinds.... I am asking for a reason of delay and all these ignorant customer care officers replied , ""you card was delivered."" Completely out of context of the mail that was sent to them . No accountability this BANK has. Obviously that cannot be expected if Mr. RAVI M. (Service Manager of Chairman Cell ) is sleeping and has not lived upto his committments in last 2 months (almost).  WORST BANK AND CUSTOMER SERVICE...!!!!!!!
Cool..
poonam when you are going to become 80 years .........may be 2060 ? .....so just enjoy life
I think you guys are reacting hastily.  He is winning continuously from  Gorakhpur since 1998. Even when BJP was not strong he never lost an election. That means he has done some work. And just becuase the media channels have projected him as divisive politician, I doesn't mean he will be bad CM.
Ratan Sir.....thank you so much....we are overwhelmed.....was a useless fellow
The Indian Express tracks a food packet, from the kitchen to the berth.
So India is trying to say that Pakistan did a surgical strike and went back safely.  I smell some foul into it. India has a huge presence of army at the border. How come Pakistani army did surgical strike n Indian army had no knowledge of it. How Pakistani went back safely.   It all happened at a time when Turkish President was advocating talks on Kashmir....   To me India has killed its own army personnel to blame Pakistan and prove Turkish president advocacy wrong. We have seen it in past as well especially at the time when Indian army massacred a Sikh village of Kashmir and blamed Pakistan for it. All this was done to get sympathy from US president Bill Clinton who came to advocate talks on Kashmir...!
please reply the creaction  will not be alone . 2 for 20 .
Hi Paytm,  I would like to start with first line (Paytm is worst App and not Recommended to anyone )  I done a transaction of INR 10,000/- on Jan 3rd 2017 and its been more than 15 days but i couldn't get the money in my account .Moreover i am trying to reach paytm people to get the resolution of it but unfortunate they are busy with cheating other customer's.  My register no 9582790322 and email id mukeshpal72@gmail.com  yesterday i post same complaint on Facebook too but no reply till date,i got  only one reply kindly share your register email id and phone number which is already there in my complaint i guess they don't want to  read it properly.  A frustrated and cheated customer  Mukesh Pal 9582790322
they should rather invest on R&D than on this event.
What about the BlackBerry?? They gonna release much awaiting mercury tomorrow at MWC in Barcelona Spain
#ExpressOpinion | The elevation of Yogi Adityanath as chief minister of Uttar Pradesh is an odious and ominous development.
Who is pintar vijayan
Dude, it's just the dress. Style is a universal language, there are people who can criticise or praise it, that doesn't mean they're trying to be better. I would underatand if they're talking about her profession but it's not. By your logic, it seems one has to clear the IAS exam or win an olympic medal to criticise celebs. They are celebrity and it's their job to be in front of the cam, social media nd everywhere, it's their job to be a sensation or butt of joke
What are the prospects for Rolta from a long term view?
is it the same situation as we had on brexit day?
And yet hindus of kerala, west bengal, north east india are avid meat eaters, the dalits and the tribal groups of india do consume  huge quantity of beef. Why drag islam in everything, aren't the dalits,tribals,christians,jews, hindus of some region eating beef?
@hanif. Please make better use of the Rs/- 500 you get from Pakistan. Fund this guy's ☝ English Language coaching classes. 😂 😂 😂
I have m&m buying cost 1225 , what to do
That's a biggest joke they should have gone with someone better and sensible person.....
Nice analysis and what I like is ""your optimism and point that if my customer has not loose any money, he will be coming back"". I also liked that you were saying there is no much impact on seeds buying for Rabi and rural economy will be gud but these media people under the compulsion of showing some headlines always ask questions repetitively till they get answers the way they want it. In media no body will look at their channel if they don't make big headlines and keep discussing this event for months. In Summary good analysis !! all the best !!
so sad
Sir, You are soo inspirational for our students.... I am proud do be an INDIAN. 🙏
He is Rajput  DNA  👍    just wait and see bro . He know  how to handle  state.  💜
Demonitisation is historicand is a ?best oppurtunity to take thecountry tofuture or to the botom  its great oppurtunity historical
I have been reading this comments ..& it is one sided ....some think fishy is hear.......all comments r against Anna Hajare......
You should target tier 2 & 3 cities in India
Prefer pics in pharma in large cap dr reddy or cipla or sun pharma or lupin for long term?
People Not Obligated To Stand Up When National Anthem Played In Movie Clarifies Supreme Court
time for luxury ......relay the program in luxury time .....  is that sushma swaraj is the right candidate for president ....?   what about her fitness ...under gone kidney transplantation ....sir give some rest for sushma ji
Mumbai Indians all the way!
Gaurang Sir, I would like to go for portfolio management with you..! Can you please help me out with this
There are many companies are performing well and we can close our eyes and invest on. So its not good to point one
Thank you and wishing the same to CNBC TV18 and viewers
Many multibagger  of the past have stopped moving like skipper sfcl Laopala. What should one do ?
This news is true
Please
People really are jobless
He may become Sports Minister or if Modites remain in power may be after 2 decades he may also become President of India
Rahim Rahim you make it sound as if pork is divine in your culture and that is why you abstain from eating it. Infact Beef and pork are not eaten by Hindus and muslims respectively for totally different reasons.
Drivers of Bus should understand they are putiting their n passangers life in Danger ...?????
But may be You can start own party to attract all good members of AAP
Jio Till june end are april and tell me plz iam confused
Funny Guy
Here are the top stories this morning
Hahaha...Ignorance is bliss...Good day
Hi Anuj, jet airways dropped to 52 week low and bouncing back. whats ur view. is the momentum is strong bull run
These Vodafone . airtel . idea .. Should get a lesson should be banned immediately .. For fooling people's since many years .. Thanks to jio who came and saved the common public
The bjp should  change its way of ruling as soon as possible.  This is the only factor for these surgical strikes.
Rest in peace. Salute to a brave hero of the Tamil.
Mr. Reddy, please sometimes think of your shareholders also. We invest hard earned money.
*Trump's first day at the Oval Office after being elected President.*  First briefing by the CIA, Pentagon, FBI:  Trump: We must destroy ISIS immediately. No delays.  CIA: We cannot do that, sir. We created them along with Turkey, Saudi, Qatar and others.  Trump: The Democrats created them.  CIA: We created ISIS, sir. You need them or else you would lose funding from the natural gas lobby.  Trump: Stop funding Pakistan. Let India deal with them.  CIA: We can't do that.  Trump: Why is that?  CIA: India will cut Balochistan out of Pak.  Trump: I don't care.  CIA: India will have peace in Kashmir. They will stop buying our weapons. They will become a superpower. We have to fund Pakistan to keep India busy in Kashmir.  Trump: But you have to destroy the Taliban.  CIA: Sir, we can't do that. We created the Taliban to keep Russia in check during the 80s. Now they are keeping Pakistan busy and away from their nukes.  Trump: We have to destroy terror sponsoring regimes in the Middle East. Let us start with the Saudis.  Pentagon: Sir, we can't do that. We created those regimes because we wanted their oil. We can't have democracy there, otherwise their people will get that oil - and we cannot let their people own it.  Trump: Then, let us invade Iran.  Pentagon: We cannot do that either, sir.  Trump: Why not?  CIA: We are talking to them, sir.  Trump: What? Why?  CIA: We want our Stealth Drones back. If we attack them, Russia will obliterate us as they did to our buddy ISIS in Syria. Besides we need Iran to keep Israel in check.  Trump: Then let us invade Iraq again.  CIA: Sir, our friends (ISIS) are already occupying 1/3rd of Iraq.  Trump: Why not the whole of Iraq?  CIA: We need the Shi'ite govt of Iraq to keep ISIS in check.  Trump: I am banning Muslims from entering US.  FBI: We can't do that.  Trump: Why not?  FBI: Then our own population will become fearless.  Trump: I am deporting all illegal immigrants to south of the border.  Border patrol: You can't do that, sir.  Trump: Why not?  Border patrol: If they're gone, who will build the wall?  Trump: I am banning H1B visas.  USCIS: You cannot do that.  Trump: Why?  Chief of Staff: If you do so, we'll have to outsource White House operations to Bangalore. Which is in India.  Trump (sweating profusely by now): What the hell should I do as President???  CIA: Enjoy the White House, sir! We will take care of the rest! 😂😂
India need to give a strong message to Pakistan by army....
Yes he is right If he would have joined arvind could hv done anything
After vailed attempt to be re-elected.. he is compelled to make such statement.. no takers
How do you See future prospects of fmcg sector? Will rural economy be the major force going forward..?
Dear all Zone Master Franchisee Investment 5,00,000/-rs. agreement term 10years. Guarantee Returns 20,00,000/-rs. Interested Parties may cal us. +919738406045
ONLINE PART TIME JOB.  ✔💯FREE ☞NO INVESTMENT. ✔ EARN 5000-50000 MONTHLY. ☞ INSTALL CHAMPCASH FROM PLAY STORE. ☞ SIGN UP AND REGISTER IT. ☞ PUT THE REFER ID OF SPONSOR:- 13083581. ☞ COMPLETE THE CHALLENGE. ☞ GO TO INVITE AND EARN START REFFER TO OTHERS.  ⚠SPONSOR ID:- 13083581.
Watever wipro is doing but the behaviour over there is very bad
Anuj you are next udayan and soniya next lata.. good work guys
Jio has added an avergae of 7 customers/per sec in 170 days: Mukesh Ambani
'I expect it will take the Govt 6 months to remonetise the economy'
Could have been better way to showcase the bike.  But bike looks promising.
e-transactions are liable to charge!! Should it not be the other way - so much manpower fuel etc is saved for the system!!
Useless picture
VISIT AND LIKE THE PAGE ""LOVE INDIAN CULTURE""  PROUD TO BE AN INDIAN........  https://www.facebook.com/pages/Love-Indian-Culture/334445609912554
Win 50%   50%two side
If interest rate going down then what is effect on bank earning pls brief
News From Jansatta
Services of this should be extended to other major cities too...the success of this would change the face of Indian railway...!
In Assam ( including Cachhar ) and Dooars cattle thieves are very active for long time and they are called ' goru chor ' ( cow lifters ) . It's not new thing to beat up these cattle thieves severely without handing them over to police . It's not case of cow vigilante and usual practice throughout Assam and north Bengal . Cattle lifters sell these cows mainly to Bangladeshis .
why no loans and help, from, idbi, banks, icici banks n indian banks.?of tiruvannamalai, branch, to myself.? super trade n news.
Crazyvaal will come up with another allegation that EC tampered the displayed evms such that you cant hack them
Exce decision. All political parties those who are going against this and making hu and cry they should be closely monitored and they should be taken to task
Gm... can i send query related to suzlon and nalco having target of 24.50 & 60.02 respectively..i need to know this year they will touch this target??
Its time to compare talented anushka shetty and  @##$%    Anushka sharma....
Rip
Agree then represent India in a beautiful saree... the she is representing India.hav u ever thot why our Indian actress imitate westerners nd sumtimes don't even fit there
whatever modi did he did right....... MODI Proud by Indian...:) :) :)
In other words, Indian Army is saying Pakistani soldiers went across the LoC into Indian side, Mutilated the bodies of two Indian soldiers and came back while no one on the Indian side dared them engage.  #surgicalstrike 😅
They should just give them away to poor instead of burning it... !!!  😡😠
Some light on real estate ? Why no action there...only sector that has not moved
""win your self "" -real freedom -unleash the d.n.a   ...do not use----> unused old palmolive shaving cream of abraham lincoln
Sindhu should b appreciated but there are more good sportsman who r not seen by India.(marathon) rich r getting more richer Sindhu she got already everything 😬
Every problem create new opportunity just U have to grab it. GD initiative by big bazar
There is pain but no gain.  The exercise is not thought through fully.  It is creating havoc for the economy and hardship for common man.
Happy that there are people who think positively, logically. A nice explanation indeed.
Bank nifty cracked today,  where is it going now?
What a wuss
RSS is the best thing that ever happened to INDIA, think about that. JAI HIND.
Why worker of tea garden, NREGS worker are not paid their wages? Why students are asked bribe of 15 lac for teacher job.
What ever they say is now correct
No bosses over there take fare actions . Employee who are onroles they treat the person working on 3rd party payrole as their servant
Everybody knows Sachin , Raina , Dhoni are getting more money than 6 Cr. under the table ( for which they are officially retained ) ,when Gambhir , Yusuf pathan getting 11 Cr. officially ,how can they play on low amount ? shalab Srivastav said nothing wrong , poor fellow got banned
Powered by Hamza Khan 💞💞
Hmmmm.. just bringing to your notice on the piled up and back to back news
Communist got beaten by gangsters in Indonesia https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ky7Z4-UjaJI
EVERYBODY IS TIRED OF DOING WORK PEOPLE SHOULD STOP ELECTRONICAL DEVELOPMENT AND START REGROWING EARTH , POPULATION CONTROL , AND LIVE A PEACEFUL LIFE WHAT WILL YOU GET HAVING A BIG HOUSE AND BIG CARS WHEN THERES NO SPACE TO DRIVE .
Its so much important for parents know how bad it is to pressurize children at such an early age. Straight from the legends like Sundar make a huge difference. Thanks a lot! #BackOnCampus
Hi anuj why OBC is trading at 0.3x of it's book value while some of banks trading 10x of book value?
Jio prime deadline is extended...So plz extend Happy New year offer for 15 days also😂😂😂
Nifty below 8550 ?  Indicates a down move maybe coming
Many many THANKS , on behalf of Priyesha Deshmukh .
yes a lot of difficulities BJP face in rigging EVMs and communally divide the people again and again to get votes...
Extradition proceedings can be time consuming. It is the first step.
RE is the best it is giving fighting to HD and u think of
Well it looks like cnbc has no proper news left..
The gutted S6 coach of Sabarmati Express still stands at the Godhra railway yard, a grim reminder of one of the worst tragedies in India’s recent history.
You should also be made the director of FTII's film making wing😂😂😂
Rahul sir u r very good analysis. U r very great bussinessman.
Anil ... do u understand ...how Mistry can continue where he has asked to move out
Report Card of the Present PM, HM & NSA #ModiWeakestPMEver
India is already 25years backward. The damage is already been done.
India a country where scams of 1500 crores happens , so two or five crores doesnt look big , its looks only because how poor many indians are.
I have 500 Inox leisure @ 255.. sell or hold
💥part time Jobs ⭐earn daily 500/-2000  ⭐no Registration fees ⭐no hard work ⭐Govt certified company if you want to join ⭐type ""Mobail job"" and send it to my whatsapp no ⭐whatsapp num..+8483891541
It is good to see Myntra collaborate to mango. Congrats
Indian Stock markets seems to be highly over valued, no reason to be optimistic, monsoon likely to be weak below normal, hence corporate earnings will continue to be under pressure, sharp drop in oil prices and strengthening rupee against US dollar will affect exports and manufacturing and service sector, no new investment, no capacity expansion no new big manufacturing factories, banking system in disarray mounting bad debts, agriculture sector in slump, no chance of any improvement of Indian economy,
Is this right time to enter advanced enzymes pls comment
they can produce only child and child nd many many
Subramaniam has a grudge that he was not made a FM
So what this CM said is correct... No one commenting that RSS is a true secular.. ..
Defence minister should resign now n we need PARIKER back plz.
How many government lED light  manufacturer companies can u able to tell...
Superb!
SSP Chawrasia with his view on Day 2 of the Indian Open at Gurgaon.
Only react - don't act ? Hollow words ! Spineless !! God save our brace soldiers  !! RIP 🙏
Why is the inflation on numbers given by government is unrealistic when compared to the actual prices of commodities in the retail market. Is the government bluffing too much to hype economic progress to attract investment ?
RBI took nice initiatives to cleanup the bad loans.. this should impact on our entire national economy.. and drop-down in inflation to that extent..
It is a lovely concept.  Pricing is affordable too....but i wonder where will i put my bags and how will i change clothes ? Where do i go if i want to wear a saree ? Wonder wonder 🤔🤔
May Her soul rest in peace .my heart felt condolences..
An excellent discussion. Thanks cnbc team for throwing light on such pertinent isssues
I will take it home
Outstanding performance by all, My standing ovation to s.s rajamouli sir & Team... I give you salute for superb quality of movies BB1&BB2... 😊👌👌👌👍👍👍
Aamir Khan Receives Dinanath Mangeshkar Award For 'Dangal'
Nowdays we hear such stories day in and day out
We may use english but we dont have an official religion and this is a country of christian people this a country of free people
He just popped up without an invite as a surprise.. he even waited at the gorakhnath mandir for hours before entering the on going HYV meeting from where he was thrown out. He has no place to go and is trying his best to get into the BJP. So don't just judge everything by what's been posted in brief. He is never going to be allowed into the party looking at his stature and also his father being a samajwadi party loyalist.
I think he should stay silent for few years 😀
🐰 Bot💔 Powered💻 By😺 Rbn8-| Ramgarhia  🏨 See My Bot Speed  😽 ABP News♥ Ana Usama Bot ♥ 🏢 Monday : 1 - May - 2017 🏨  Like Back♥ ABP News 🏥 Comment Late  29 minute :D 46 Sec :v   🏪 Auto Comment By   Rbn Ramgarhia  🏯 ❌ SITE: UnlimitedBot.Cf ❌
instead all Congress people should be sent to Kashmir or moist ruled areas
they are right in protesting......we shud first look at our own faults rather blaming outsiders for rotting our system.........india shud apologise......indians do not insult other cultures and women.......
Expect to be able to give guidance for FY18 by next quarter: NASSCOM
Share of digital in total revenue for IT firms is 12-15%: NASSCOM
CNBC-TV18, can we get the list of the ATMs which are recalibrated as of now??????
Just Stfu u people just see the money but not the hard work after it, BC grow up
So whom u gonna vote in next elections?? Rahul Gandhi or Arvind Kejriwal or Mayawati or Mulayam Singh or Mamta Banerjee or Lalu  Yadav or his sons or Nitish Kumar??
China is building rout to invite terrorism into their country....😆
Please ola and Uber check your driver's driving before making them your company's part...... It's pethetic......
Kashmiris are already free. Those who still want freedom, u can take them to ur home.
A third accused, Tariq Ahmed Dar, was held guilty of being a LeT member, but the court said there wasn’t sufficient evidence to link him to any conspiracy.
*PURE DESH ME AFRA TAFRI KA MAHOOL HAI...INDIA KI 98% JANTA GARIB HAI..YE MAAR ASLI 98% PE MARI HAI MODI JI NE..YE ACHA NHI KIYA BJP NE PURA VYAPARI VARG ROO RAHA HAI KHUN KE AANSU BJP WE SHAME ON YOU*  *B.J.P..*❌❌❌❌❌❌❌ *MODI..*❌❌❌❌❌❌❌  *WE REALY SHAME ON YOU MODI JI..*B.J.P ❌❌
It's okay, it's not such a big deal to make such a huge issue of it :/
Clean energy Wind and Solar should be a number one priority - in parallel with focussing upon efficiently use all sources of power.  GST shall exclude renewable equipment otherwise cost of renewable energy will increase - which may impede government's target 2022 for renewable to some extent.
You appear to be extremely happy with the fact that corruption exists in our country despite demonetisation. Strange!
This is never a competition for Royal Enfield. Royal Enfield is Royal.
Will the fmcg sector get re rated coz of GST cmg soon ?
We Hindus have elected 540 n more MPs but nobody is capable for HM more than Rajnath Singh ??Yes we know Modiji is greateful on him because he brought him to Delhi from Gujrath but he cant force him on people who don't like his ""Kadi Ninda""We want action we r ready die once but not a slow death Also Defence Ministery nobody is capable than Jetly ? Parkekar was able honest n patriot more than that he was a decision making minister but unfortunately deference between him n Jetly n Rajnath made him to return to Goa back about his serious actions on stone pelters   n also selfishness of BJP making a Govt only a reason These fake secular rulers never take action neglecting their vote bank They love their party n vote bank more than their mother nation its the destiny of we voters n people of this country especially Hindus I feel this Govt is  as old wine in new bottle nothing more What is the use of our weapons or bombs through them to Arebian Sea n surrender We don't want to see murder of no more soldiers n their mutilated bodies Shame on u   jaihind
Good news
Hon ble pm modi sir unveiled 112 feet Adi shiva
Under trails shoud not send to jails,for them separate custodial shells shall be arranged for the period of trails and shouldn't be harassed.
Not sure if this can survive in Mumbai looking at road conditions
Who is she which film did she act....sunny Leone?
What ll be the economy condition of india after 6 month
Khangress purchased JDS whole sale.
Dipak Haksar is son of former ITC chief Ajit Haksar.He is also nephew of former distinguished bureaucrat late P.N.Haksar.
Its very sad we lost our 2 jawans.  Army should have taken action at same time.  Why should army wait for idiotic politicians decisions and advice.  Due to senseless politicians we are losing life's of Jawans.  Surfical strike is done by our brave solders with the guidence of our senior officers.  None of officers or solders name came on headlines except politicians.  Still political using its for political gains.  Thls leaders should spend 1 hour on border then they realise.
8| BOT On Fire  8|  <3 OWNER: Vj Malik  ►ρσωєяє∂ ву ► ► ||❗ Vj Malik ❗ Hamza Malik ❗ ☺ ►Site ► ► || bot-uc.tk ||
Better then  loosing.Good  for  nothing  party
Wait and watch Don't do irresponsible reporting Already a lot of mess already unreported and ignored by you. Clear that Backlog first
Anuj Sir guj nre not get my delish inititate debt restructuring
In which stock to invest today, for getting return as in eicher  motors from prices of 2007 to 2017
Farmers gonna make money and intermediaries are gonna be unemployed...
Hmm..thou art so tippy to get chorused at your save.
What about global headwings.... Are its gud enough to keep long
World Bank Changes Classification Of Countries: India Is Now ‘Lower-Middle Income’ Economy....... you see its Mr Raghuram Rajan ji is very strong man with lots of backing ....but also a man of principals and and till date did what was necessary of indian economy unbiasedly, no doubt his humor makes him elite too........ but so is Mr Subramanian Swamy ji ..really  interesting story  ..but will put many  important  people in uncomfortable situation ...of it continues its for sure that Mr Raghuram Rajan ji will take an extension and leave it in mid way ...
I'm agree with it but I will share this  😂😂😂😂😂😂
Congrats India. British Empire empire occupied India for 200 years. There is speculation or conspiracies that British Empire used India's wealth to fund partially the Industrial Revolution.
A Sanghi sympathiser.....
Mistry syphoned lot of revenue to his own company Sapporo and paloonji and also miss management with corus.
Depression is to depress. When a person mind doesn't go together with usual functioning and become upset by thinking negatives of sadness or felt some distress etc It can be cured through mediation
Atleast justice brought to the families whose kids were killed and dumped .....
Well how we wish same kind of contribution before the game we would have won more medals
They should start making Small Bank to One and Cooperative bank to be taken over by bigger banks...
Does TCS buyback means  worry for IT sector on whole????
That's a good share
Kevin Gaskin.  You're most welcome to search the Bill of Rights, the U.S. Constitution and the Declaration of Independence but you'll not find anything about ""separation of Church and State"" contained in any of them.  Thomas Jefferson wrote a letter to the Danbury Baptist Association in 1802 to answer a letter from them, asking why he would not proclaim national days of fasting and thanksgiving, as had been done by Washington and Adams before him. The letter contains the phrase ""wall of separation between church and state,"" which led to the erroneous ‘short-hand’ for the Establishment Clause (U.S. Constitution, Bill of Rights, Amendment I, Article III) that we use today.      “Why do I have a freedom of religion…?”  The answer lay in the Congressional papers as they pertain to our Constitution as we know it today.  The process of drafting the First Amendment made the intent of the Founders abundantly clear; for before they approved the final wording, the First Amendment went through nearly a dozen different iterations and extensive discussions.   “We do not want in America what we had in Great Britain: we don’t want one denomination running the Nation.  We will not all be Catholics, or Anglicans, or any other single denomination.  We do want God’s principles, but we don’t want one denomination running the Nation.”  This intent was well understood, as evidence by court rulings after the First Amendment.  In 1799 the court declared, “By our form of government, the Christian religion is the established religion; and all sects and denominations of Christians are placed on the same equal footing.”   One must realize that our Founding Fathers were striving to attain “freedom of religion” due to the oppressive authority of the Roman Catholic Church.  It wasn’t only Britain but most of Europe that fell under the awesome authority of Roman Catholicism.  Our Founding Fathers set about to recognize the many denominations of Christianity.  Further, they intended to recognize each denomination equally, as opposed to granting power of control by any one denomination.  Herein lay the misinterpretation of the reckless ‘shorthand’ known as “separation of Church and State.”    A more accurate statement is likely “separation of denominations of the Church and State.”  Such interpretation is wholly supported by the Congressional papers in reference to the statement, “We do not want in America what we had in Great Britain: we don’t want one denomination running the Nation.  We will not all be Catholics, or Anglicans, or any other single denomination.  We do want God’s principles, but we don’t want one denomination running the Nation.”  As for the statement, “Most of our founding fathers were agnostic,” that is simply not true.  It is a blanket statement proclaimed by those who oppose religion in general.  Yes, there were agnostics in those days but they were not nearly so prevalent as claimed.  Thomas Paine was an English-American political activist, philosopher, political theorist, and revolutionary.  Although he is considered one of our Founding Fathers, he was shunned for his known agnostic beliefs.  John Adams is another erroneously accused of being agnostic.  Yet, here is a quote from President Adams in reference to Thomas Paine; ""The Christian religion is, above all the religions that ever prevailed or existed in ancient or modern times, the religion of wisdom, virtue, equity and humanity, let the Blackguard Paine say what he will.”  I believe you’ll agree his words regarding Mr. Paine are more than sufficient to dispel any claims of his agnostic beliefs.
Lokanathan Rajan so? The govt shouldn't even try? Such defeatist mentality as yours is the reason that India still lags behind as a third world country, rather than having realized its potential as the world's leader
The Aam Aadmi Party is gearing up for intensive campaigning for the Delhi civic polls from March 31.
Hehe Anuj thank you for acknowledging dear and thank you for answering
Common RCB
8505050887#get_immediately_solution_for_your_all_problem_contact_now & whatsapp Vashikaran, love marriage, love problem, family problem, husband wife problem, business problem, child problem #solution_with_100% guarantee
Best Joke by Urjit Patel :  ""Committed to easing citizens'   pain at the earliest.""
Only 12.2 per cent of Parliament seats are held by women.
S&P and all ratings agency are very bullish on India growth story please inv right time
One of the WB GS Dr. Sarkar ( a madical practitioner) also arrested near about 2 months ago on same child trafficking case..... Very unfortunate.
hi guys plz give a view on jamna auto & bharat forge, u skipped my question day before yesterday
You're active member of BJP 👏
Justice against vindictiveness of the Central Government.  Great justice in way of Delhi development.
We have to encourage all, to use solar system, each and everyone,in our rural area also.
Digital marketing have killed inflation to some extent by reducing mediator margins, however what about those who got unemployed bcz of digital marketing... So, it is nothing but very sudden move to make those people unemployed who were unable to have better education... Sir, this is gonna be murdering action if so sudden move has been implemented.. make sure you are on right way and please do something for those who are waiting for businesses or jobs....
He can be easily manipulated!  Anna Hazare is Poor Man who does not understand politics!! In reality Arvindji took all pains for the people!!!
What abt making medical seats affordable? Is there a nexus between MCI and private Medical colleges?
#ႩաҽՏօʍҽ_ႽႮԹҽɾɮ  ABP News уσυ  нανє α nicҽ Tuesday  ____________________   уσυ r ռɨċɛ ABP News
What did you ,when you had to hand over to BJP
It's important that any stock holding company that the management have a skin in the game. Cyrus Mistry has his skin in the game.
Now instead of 'I promise to pay bearer sum of One Thousand Rupees' we are going to see 'I promise to arrest the bearer ' signed by the RBI governor.
Im bored. Im leaving.  Il check out reviews on youtube later.
Yes do it. Atleast some people might go cashless after that.
delivery quote -in the maternity ward ....hello gabby we are tsunami swimmers ....go back simon
Sbi good
Great work Megha Vishwanath  U guys look like the dynamic duo. Keep rocking 😊
I think in the short term markets will fall due to war with Pakistan
Part time online job without investment  Most important job for Facebook expert  Earn 15000-25000/-month  Open play store  Install champcash mony free app Sign up with champcash  Refer id-12935304 Install 7-8 apps in the champcash and start online work
uo always on ryt way virat,
If this amount would have spend earlier,sure at least 50% of our athletes would have earned medals .... India is great
The opposition so far unseen but emerging now was a proof that ""certain developments our rivals don't desire are happening in the party"", Sasikala said.
When will IT industry move beyond dollar-rupee conversion rate...Admit it or not thats the basic business model and revenue source.Is this sustainable in long term?
WAHE GURU JI KA KHALSA WAHE GURU JI KI FATEH, JO BOLE SO NIHAL SATSRIKAL! Now where is that bastard Kejriwal and Rahul Gandhi is sleeping and Mamata these all are terrorist well wishers. Take them to the border and kill them also. And also include Farok Abdulla and his son also and sepreatest leaders also.
2019 will show Mr. Modi as a true leader who actually works for the country and all its people no matter from which religion they are. As citizens everybody should be proud to have this leader.
Listen n admired you many occasions in last 7 years thru CNBC. But this one is spot on . Bold n Courageous (y) Well said Lata Venkatesh !!
Q. Was the window open A. Yes the window was open. Chanda Kundra you may like this and will help u go down memory lane.  Baikunthi Devi Paraulia Kanya  Mahavidyalaya
Hi Both - how do u see tomorrow's opening for PSU banks ?
Well said Sir: ""Data is the oxygen of Digital Life!""
An awesome movie. Melodious chorous music. Lovely. Enjoyed watching every bit of it. Too good. Like mythological comic scenes. Too good
N I spent same price month ago fr Rs200abs..  😒😒#
She's a brave, outspoken soul. No mincing words or being overly fake on the show - she was frank and outspoken. The best part was that she didn't care to butter up KJO, knowing fully well that he is powerful in the film industry. And yes- the industry is full of relatives, friends, star kids, established models and beauty queens. Very few get a chance with big time directors like KJO just cause of their talent.
Why India Should #ScrapIndusWatersTreaty Indus Water Treaty Is Illegal The case of the 1960 Indus waters treaty, it has been signed by then Prime Minister Jawaharlal Nehru and “nowhere it is declared that the said agreement/treaty has been signed in the name of the President of India”,  “According to the ministry of external affairs documents, nowhere disclosed agreement has been signed by the Jawaharlal Nehru for the President of India...,”   “According to the impugned agreement 80% water goes to Pakistan which is a serious injury to the fundamental right of the citizens of India coupled with further financial and natural injuries to national interest.”  If We Indians Keep Quit Today Our Future Generations Will Blame Us And Never Going To Forgive Us  India Need Be Like China Fast And Furious And Must Have Ability To Say On Face. China Claim South China Sea  China Made And Develop 7 Artificial Man Made Islands On The South China Sea So Quickly  Then Why Can't India Stop Water From Our Own States And Union Territories Of India We Need To Build More Dam On Indus River And Must Have Iccha-Shakti To Say Only One Sentence To World Bank F*ck Off  India Is Scraping Indus Waters Treaty  If China Can Do For Their Mother Land  Then Why Not India (If India Cannot Do) Then Their Is Some Serious Problem In Our Indian Government System With Our Political Partys And Also With Our Useless Politician. Who Just Know To Bark But Cannot Take Action.  http://siteresources.worldbank.org/INTSOUTHASIA/Resources/223497-1105737253588/IndusWatersTreaty1960.pdf
Wipro Guidance: Q1 IT services revenue growth seen at $1,915 m-1,955 m
Thats good but  limit of withdrawal amount should be more than 10k atlist
*PURE DESH ME AFRA TAFRI KA MAHOOL HAI...INDIA KI 98% JANTA GARIB HAI..YE MAAR ASLI 98% PE MARI HAI MODI JI NE..YE ACHA NHI KIYA BJP NE PURA VYAPARI VARG ROO RAHA HAI KHUN KE AANSU BJP WE SHAME ON YOU*  *B.J.P..*❌❌❌❌❌❌❌ *MODI..*❌❌❌❌❌❌❌  *WE REALY SHAME ON YOU MODI JI..*
Helo mam help about PSU banks like union bank , bob
This appears to be just another case of road rage which happens every where in Bharat especially Delhi. The Wagon R is damaged  on both sides. The occupants may also be powerful people like (now )powerful Mr.Tiwari. VIP culture has since been abolished by PM
Isko dekho America ko Pani pila Diya Hai.......ek hum log pak nahi Handel ho Raha hai
Anuj, is the rally in the bank rally move over the past 3-4 days justified?
India should ban NDTV first , and then talk about anything ! , NDTV is separatist channel !
Wat nonsense is this cnbc....? How can u claim like this dear..???
Hi  Is there any reason to hcltech fall with 20/-
This is just westage of money. Might the poverty of India have been removed up to a extent with the money. What about Soldiers who are fighting for the country.
Our politicians care for this but not our Indian army they gave many life's for nation
Won't be embarrassed to copy services from other players if customers benefit: Shikha Sharma
I do use. Its about security issues microsft windows. I recently switched back to windows 8,from 10.u didnt get my point.
With World class road the car should sell in their hundreds
Telangana CMO Government announced Rs 1 crore for Sakshi Mallik ,Rs 50 lakh for Dipa Karmakar and 25 lakhs for Srikanth Kidambi too
we have no idea who done this. dont blame on us
why we celebrate ? only we have ""FASI "" to kasab....this is not enough. we need to find out those people who create the KASAB and more like him ! so rather then celebration think for remove terrorist from Bottom of earth !! this is not time for celebration this is the war and war is not end as KASAB FASI this is Just Beginning!!!!!!
I am from.south India? Why congress & BJP are against Mr. Kejiriwal?? Give me some reasons
Let's switch to reliance? Linaila Dsouza Vigya Smriti Sruthi Thommen
Original video in the link....and a segment of the video used by few media house to propagate how Kumar Biswas attacked Kejriwal.....watch both the video by yourself  to see how mainframe media is using all its take to defame delhi government as much as possible before MCD election. #shameonjournalism #soldmedia  https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=iuoS2dpccHU
Sir, may God give you more strength to help our country to become no 1 in the world of modern technology.
I'll not b surprised if nifty touches 15k.... APJ Abdul Kalaam sir's thoughts r coming into live... India the superpower by 2020....
~~~>| BOT SITE : SERVER (1) | xXx_C H A U D H R Y S B O T T 3 R _xXx  _____________________________________________________|~~| ADD CLOSE KAR JUST NOW TOPP3R HUN |~~|  |~~| MERA COMMENT+ REACT BOT SAB S TOP PAR ,TU B LGA |~~|  #PAPAX~CHAUDHRY JUNAID <3 ABDUL SABOOR <3 ASMAT AMIN <3 AWAIS BUKHARI <3 CHAUDHRY AHSAN <3 ZAIN AQDAS  🌻SERVER (1)?  B| VISIT ~ CHAUDHRY-BOTTERS,COM |B ALL SERVER HERE ?______________________________________________________🌻
Why does not India or China buy? Fundamentals are good. Guess Indians will just get poorer Bec of Modi demonetization and gold rumor ban. India household own the most gold in the world but value has dropped120 dollars since November 9
Use latest Windows 10 creators update . MS is changing security day by day
Fortunate to have CBN as C.M. in the present critical  period
Looks like he was In need of 15 days notice . 😜🙏😵
Need Nilesh Bhai Comments on Glaxosmith Consumer, GSFC and Capri Global. Comments on the Management of Capri Global, GSFC, Glaxosmith.
“I would like all of them [Opposition MPs], particularly the members of the Indian National Congress, to recognise that cow protection was part of our freedom movement,” Nirmala Sitharaman said.
🙀 Great🌾 Post❕5😷 star  👤Indian Express, нανє α ℓσνєℓу Sunday  8| ғεεℓ נυsт иσω ^_^  Indian Express  :3 β๏тβ๏ss ▶ Priyajeet Jena Bapuni  ♨ BotBoss .Top 🔛
He took decisions for betterment of Tata (closing the non profit company, or selling out)but it is not digestive for lot of people in company
VERY TRUE !
Siva Das and you were tagging me in pages that trolled Yechury for attempting to get re elected to Rajya Sabha.   Yechury says sorry to disappoint you! 😂
Willing to form a group to eliminate political view which believe in and are in favour of anti indian activities. Mahakal will guide me, I believe.
💝🐔💝 ρσωєяєd ʙʏ Bismillah Khan 💝🐔💝  :|] Kia keh Dia Zalim 🎈 CNBC-TV18 🎈 NAZIM SHAH BOT 🎈 🔶 c h α υ δ h r ψ s 🌹 β ο τ τ ε r 🔶=- CNBC-TV18 🏢 :) BOT On Fire :) 🚅 🚅  🏡 SITE: NAZIM.TK 🏡
Thanks Anuj for the Belly-icious Information about Tony's Pizza. You just made me forget about the stocks and I went researching on Videos of the Tony's Pizza. I now crave for it. 🙈😜 Please come to India soon @Tony's Pizza 😅
What will be the economy condition after 6 month of india
It's never too late....Congress plz learn from modiji how to lead the nation...u r always complaining....atleast he is working allow him to work.
Only in INDIA criminal politicians can get Government Job can get World Tour...  If you are not in politics and you just made one mirror mistake like fighting with your friend or etc and police put you in jail or filled up a case against you so you can't apply government job as well can't apply for passport....
Will the petrol & diesel prices go up tonite ?
Why your panelists are always wrong.  They say nonsense all the time.
I thought they will tell something new  I already started from the very begining. Keep it up guys  Give some unique tips
They denay everything like osama, qusab, malala, benazeer bhutto, Baluchistan, sindhustan, etc.
அண்ணா  hasare  where are you BJP ன் கை கூலியே
Hi Shireen where are you now? In Bangalore? Or flew back to Delhi? How do you manage such hectic schedule
Do u think with current economic situation after de demonetisation , it s good to invest in e commerce like filpkart , where banks are charging high amount during each billing and transaction
Awesome retort!
Nice zee
8th Nov is the voting day then why thats day is getting so much attention.
Hi Anuj - any views on IFCI; considering the near term listing
🎁 Bot😳 Powered👮 By😃 Prince😡 Fadii  🏨 See My Bot Speed  😽 India TV ♥ c h α υ δ h r ψ s 🌹 β ο τ τ ε r ♥ 🏢 Saturday : 29 - April - 2017 🏨  Stay Active♥ India TV 🏥 Comment Late  24 detik :)  🏪  Auto Comment By    Prince Fadii  🏯 🔎 Baby-Bot.tk 💡
Israel is a Zionist state that Jews happen to have privilege in.
Salman khan you are great
Omg!!! My tits r as fabulous as I am.. trust me if yours were the same then you wouldn't be asking to calm them.. 😜😜😜
Last day of week what can we expect in nifty tmrw ?
Hahaha well said
Pahle to manmohan Singh ko koste the abhi kya kr rha  hai modi.
RCB comfortable win 😃
WHere is their Booze? :D
what a Splendid launch..so far awaiting for launch now contemplating...to get....its time to dominate with dominar.....
Confident we will build all new airports that are needed as per 15-yr plan: Jayant Sinha
Grand salute to 🙏🙏🙏🙏🙏🙏 S.S. RAJAMOULI for making of amazing movie 😍😍😘😘😘
Neil Khurana nailed it bro
I wont sing like this to buy this .. :-(
There are several detectors including metals in airport. Still the hijackers are going through and commanding from planes. So Why can't the govt deploy atleast 2 black ops or special forces in plains? are the terrorists still difficult to handle without weapons?
Yes definitely berger paint would be a multi bagger for long term
hi can i ask if why did you launch lenovo k6 power here in qatar..thankyou
Jio has crossed 100 million customer mark in 170 days: Mukesh Ambani
Hahahaha......singing is for health but don't Fire
one more chance to akali nt face on badal , but the facce off modi modi
Azam Baba. Care for your language.
This ban has been in place long before Trump ever considered being resident; he just followed though with it and enforced the law unlike Obama who ordered that law enforcement couldn't carry out the laws we all voted into place.
what you see Udayan ji will the chines currency strengthen from this move ?
Lucas said that realistically, the best PSG can do to stop Lionel Messi is to not let the ball come to him at all.
All women anchors of this channel are brilliant. Wish them all Happy Women's Day.
jayant sinha : how to control people  are against us , finance minister - we have a defense we say rural distress , there by we can make our opposition to get freezed ha ha ....refresher
come on boys...its only a bad match not the series... we will definitely won the series..
My Daadi's, my dad's and my favourite too Komal Patel😊 slurrping already thinking about the idlis 😋😋😄
GAIL result ?? Will it breakout and make new high ????
Hdfc bank 1 lot @ 1448... should I hold ??
this movies shooting in Pakistan Kashmir................
I miss u kkr
She is eyeing the CM's chair.As the old English saying 'History repeats itself'goes ,after the death of MG Ramachandran ,his widow Janaki Ramachandran was appointed CM for a brief period before Tamil Nadu was brought under President's rule in February ,1988.Late MGR's loyalists tried to cut late Jayalalitha to size without success.The rival party DMK won the state assembly elections in 1989 but their rule lasted only for two years before the then Prime Minister on the advice of Jayalalitha imposed President's rule again on the state.Jayalalitha led AIADMK won the 1991 assembly elections and she was sworn in as Chief Minister .If Sashikala Natarajan  tried to take over as CM then a split in the party is imminent.
But ur government take the land from former and given to corporate companys...then how they develop ...
Pakistani are much more aware and give respect to women drivers in Pakistan than India
Ulta balna, if tripathi then why not sp., before election , now to media ,amit sha to bravely said we are same , minimum non BJP state got to decided.
we can see dollar strengthened naturally , also indian women can get extra visa -this is the untold gift by hillary to indian women
Nice look diii
Sir bhaubali is such a movie which cannot express the fantasy of the movie.it was a really wow movement in the theater .rajmouli is the ever best director in the world please give him a Nobel prize
Kishore Kumar was the unique singer. I tribute to Kishore da.when ever music is live Kishor da will live in the form of music 🎶.
so the shadow is out of sight ? again .
Greetings we need a business partner investor to come and invest in Namibia Africa construction, IT, Tourism, Banking, Mobile Telecommunication, Entertainment, Transport road, airlines and sea willem gariseb consumernews@iway.na +264812498161 I need a investor  Coming soon to India Hyderabad Indiasoft2017 willemgariseb77@gmail.com +264812498161 it will be 12-14 February  Regards Willem
Want to know short term view on Nifty & Sun Pharma Stock ?
Hats off to CNBC for covering this development so closely
It's the up bringing they are getting nothing to do with movies or any thing else  if you teach your son how respect women  I'm sure they will as it's said 'charity begins from home '😊
I Think People Of Kashmir Trust HM Enough, We Know Those Freedom Fighters Will Never Kill Civilians.. It Is A Work Of Indian Police... RIP To The Civilians :(
Fully agree.i was in Istanbul for a month in 2006. One of the best city I have visited and now ...it is one of unsafe city..only this guy made it possible.
Abp new walo ko to maza aa gaua ho ga
Kumar Mangalam Birla of Aditya Birla Group speaks about why #MakeInIndia makes sense in the current times and how the Government can make it easier for companies to Make In India.
#ENTERTAINMENT | Disha Patani is giving major dance goals to rumoured boyfriend Tiger Shroff.
Salute to Modiji...Proud step took by Government to curb out black money from country👍
Erdogan visiting nation, mainwhile  Pak  mutilates  2  Indian soldier's bodies .Govt .....    Seeing  their message ??? Why not  close  Pak embassy ???  Also pls  ask erdogan  what is happening to the Turkey Kurds ??  Brutal  murders by  Turkey Army ....  What about given  the Kurds their land back ???   Let Kashmir not be the  talks on table ,discuss KURDISTAN SETTLEMENT  .
Can IT sector MFs be bought instead of Mindtree or Wipro?
Absolutely true.👍
yes bank ce 1340  2 lot @16, current rate 12 so give me suggestion
Such and tired of hearing his news
What sort of logic is this, if u say something good about me, I like you and if I say bad about you I hate you, he is a businessman who is trying to exploit us indians by saying nice things
ha ha tough competition for royal enfield but how RE is a cruiser motor bike and its sports bike
Once  this type of talks was in fantasy of me.  Now thank God it's  become real  in my life time
400cc bike and very less HP better I'll buy 2017 KTM Duke 390 with 44 HP
Part time online job without investment  Most important job for Facebook expert  Earn 15000-25000/-month  Open play store  Install champcash mony free app Sign up with champcash  Refer id-9044274 Install 7-8 apps in the champcash and start online work
Himanshu, u read my above comment where I shared what parameter for good stock to identify... There are many..
REAL GOD : MOTHER AND FATHER..... "" 16 MINUTES : WORLD PEACE MISSION "" @ https://youtu.be/Cv__baa9IM4..... LORD BUDDHA FOR PEACE, NON VIOLENCE AND HUMANITY..... https://youtu.be/3lvZKzUVO3s..... SACRED GUJARAT : PUNY BHUMI GUJARAT..... GO GREEN : PURE VEGETARIAN FOOD AND COW PROTECTION MOVEMENT..... WE CREATE ""WELFARE"", NOT ""WEALTH"".....  03 GENERATION'S GOLDEN PIONEERING SOCIAL WELFARE HISTORY..... LINK OF PINKALBHAI KISHORBHAI BHATT: https://youtu.be/Cv__baa9IM4..... THE FOUNDER - PRESIDENT OF MANAV DHARM PARIVAR'S HUMANITY RELIGION.....  ""SOCIAL WELFARE CREATION"", HISTORY OF THE FOUNDER - PRESIDENT PINKALBHAI KISHORBHAI BHATT'S FAMILY..... SIMPLE LIVING SOCIALLY DEDICATED THREE GENERATIONS ARE WELL KNOWN AND FAMOUS AS AN ETHICAL LOYAL COMMUNITY.....  OUR ""REVATATWASI AAUDICHYA TOLAK GUJARATI BRAHMMIN FAMILY"", HAS A UNIQUE SOCIAL IDENTITY OF SUCCESSFUL DELIVERY OF ETHICS, PRINCIPLES AND VIRTUES OF HUMANITARIAN VALUES OF PEACE, EQUALITY, COMMITMENT, HONESTY, HARMONY, SIMPLICITY, HUMANITY, INTEGRITY AND SACRIFICE FOR OUR GREAT IDEOLOGY OF ""HINDU NATION"", WITH A SIMPLE SANSKRIT MANTRA OF ""VASUDHAIV KUTUMBKAM"" BASED PIONEERING HISTORY OF SOCIAL WELFARE CREATION.....  1]. KISHORBHAI KANTILAL BHATT..... FATHER OF THE FOUNDER - PRESIDENT : PROFILE : SOCIAL WORKER AND AN EMPLOYEE OF BEST PSU : PUBLIC SECTOR BANK OF HINDUSTAN KNOWN AS SBI : STATE BANK OF INDIA.....  IN 1973, OUR THE FOUNDER - PRESIDENT PINKALBHAI KISHORBHAI BHATT'S FATHER ""KISHORBHAI KANTILAL BHATT"" WAS AMONG PIONEERS OF ""BHARTIYA JAN SANGH"" IN M.S.UNIVERSITY OF VADODARA, WHEN ""ATAL BIHARI VAJPAYEEJI"" WAS STRUGGLING AGAINST CONGRESS IN POLITICS AS THE PRESIDENT OF ""BHARTIYA JAN SANGH"".....  DURING 1973 - 1974, ""KISHORBHAI KANTILAL BHATT"", AS A PIONEER OF ""BHARTIYA JAN SANGH"" IN M.S.UNIVERSITY OF VADODARA, HAD WON STUDENT UNION ELECTIONS OF C.R AND F.R WITH THE NICK NAME OF ""VAJPAYEE"" TO PROMOTE IDEOLOGY OF ""BHARTIYA JAN SANGH"" AND PRESIDENT ATAL BIHARI VAJPAYEEJI IN M.S.UNIVERSITY.....  2]. NALINBHAI KANTILAL BHATT..... UNCLE OF THE FOUNDER - PRESIDENT : PROFILE : VETERAN SOCIAL WORKER AND PIONEER OF RSS, VHP, ABVP, BJP AND JAN SANGH'S ""HINDU NATION"" IDEOLOGY SINCE 1967.....  IN 1975, UNCLE OF OUR FOUNDER - PRESIDENT, NALINBHAI KANTILAL BHATT FACED CRUCIAL IMPRISONMENT STRUGGLE DURING CONGRESS RULED SHAMEFUL DEMOCRATIC TRAGEDY OF ""EMERGENCY"".....  AFTER 1975, NALINBHAI KANTILAL BHATT BECAME DEPUTY MAYOR OF SANSKARI NAGARI - VADODARA CITY, HEALTH AND EDUCATION MINISTER OF GUJARAT STATE, AND SO MANY OTHER KEY RESPONSIBILITIES AT THE NATIONAL LEVEL WHICH RESULTED IN TO SO MANY WELL WISHERS & FRIEND'S CIRCLE AT THE NATIONAL AND INTERNATIONAL LEVEL.....  3]. KANTILAL LABHSHANKAR BHATT..... GRAND FATHER OF THE FOUNDER - PRESIDENT : PROFILE : SOCIALLY DEDICATED SIMPLE LIVING SALARIED PERSON. NATIVE PLACE : ""SHINOR"", RIVERFRONT OF NARMADA, GREAT GUJARAT.  4]. ASHOKBHAI RAMANLAL PANDYA..... MATERNAL UNCLE OF THE FOUNDER - PRESIDENT : PROFILE : A SUCCESSFUL CAREER ADVISOR OF BEST PSU : PUBLIC SECTOR UNIT LIFE INSURANCE COMPANY, ""LIC OF INDIA""..... SOCIAL WORKER AND SECRETARY OF BJP OF VADODARA CITY.  5]. RAMANLAL MANEKLAL PANDYA..... MATERNAL GRAND FATHER OF FOUNDER - PRESIDENT : PROFILE : SIMPLE JOB CLASS SOCIAL SUPPORTING PERSON. NATIVE PLACE : ""BHALOD"", RIVERFRONT OF NARMADA, GREAT GUJARAT.  6]. PINKALBHAI KISHORBHAI BHATT..... THE FOUNDER - PRESIDENT OF MANAV DHARM PARIVAR'S HUMANITY RELIGION. PROFILE : AN AGENT OF ""LIC OF INDIA"" AND INVESTMENT CONSULTANT. QUALIFICATION : B.COM, P.G.D : POST GRADUATION DIPLOMA IN BANKING AND M.COM - BANKING AND BUSINESS FINANCE.....  SOCIAL WORK ACTIVITY GUIDANCE AND ACADEMIC ASSOCIATION WITH FACULTY OF SOCIAL WORK OF M.S.UNIVERSITY OF VADODARA.....  ""WORLD PEACE MISSION"" : AN INTERNATIONAL INITIATIVE TO MAKE ""TEARLESS HUMAN BEINGS"" WORLDWIDE FOR ALL RELIGIONS AND COMMUNITIES.....  ""VASUDHAIV KUTUMBKAM"" : HINDU, MUSLIM, CHRISTIAN, BUDDHIEST, SIKH, JAIN, PARSI, JEWISH, SHINDHI, BAHAI ETC.....  FOR MORE PLEASE CONTACT THE FOUNDER PRESIDENT, PINKALBHAI KISHORBHAI BHATT @ 09898098092.....  ""WORK IS WORSHIP"".....  WE ARE NOT POLITICAL PARTY OR POLITICAL ORGANIZATION.....  WE ARE DETERMINED FOR PEACE, HARMONY, HAPPINESS, BROTHERHOOD, TRUTH, JUSTICE, HUMANITY & WELFARE OF HUMAN BEINGS WORLDWIDE FOR ALL RELIGIONS, COMMUNITIES & NATIONS.....  WE ARE ALL NORMAL MIDDLE JOB CLASS / ORDINARY FARMERS / AGRICULTURE LABORERS / SMALL PRODUCT MANUFACTURERS & TRADERS / LIFE NECESSARY SERVICE PROVIDERS / SIMPLE SHOP KEEPERS / HARDWORKING HAWKERS AND STRUGGLING VENDOR FAMILY SOCIAL WORKERS, DOING SOCIAL WORK ACTIVITIES WITHOUT COLLECTING ANY DONATION / CHARITY FUND.....  WE ARE NOT HIGH PROFILE CAPITALISTS / CORPORATE PERSONS / ENTREPRENEURS AND INDUSTRIALISTS..... WE DO NOT HAVE ANY PROFIT MAKING RICH BUSINESS CLASS LIFE STYLE AMENITIES / WEALTH CREATION / PROPERTY MAKING OR ESTABLISHING GIANT EMPIRE PURPOSE.....  YOU CAN SUPPORT US BY TAKING LIFE INSURANCE OF LIC OF INDIA FROM FOUNDER PRESIDENT PINKALBHAI KISHORBHAI BHATT BECAUSE LIC OF INDIA IS A BEST P.S.U : PUBLIC SECTOR UNIT OF GOVERNMENT OF INDIA AND LIFE INSURANCE IS A GREAT SOCIAL WORK ACTIVITY WHICH PROVIDES SAVING, RISK COVER & TAX BENEFIT. WE HAVE OTHER FINANCIAL SERVICES OF LIFE & GENERAL INSURANCE, MUTUAL FUND, LOANS & FINANCE FACILITY, INVESTMENT CONSULTANCY, FIXED DEPOSITS AND FOREX LIKE FACILITIES.....  -: ONE LIFE'S ONE MISSION : HUMANITY AND WELFARE OF HUMAN BEINGS.....  PINKALBHAI KISHORBHAI BHATT, THE FOUNDER - PRESIDENT OF MANAV DHARM PARIVAR'S HUMANITY RELIGION. FACEBOOK PAGE : www.facebook.com/humanityreligion ""WORLD PEACE MISSION"" on Youtube : Please Click below given links.  1]. http://youtu.be/m1dtAzeNwa0 and 2]. http://youtu.be/Ye24TxhP_NQ 3]. http://youtu.be/_aKMVIwekAA.....
What do you think about Emami and other FMCG stocks. Are they oversold?
Tata Cousel: No petition to remove Cyrus Mistry as Director of Tata Sons
#SundaySpecial Government claims it is the “highways of development” that are pushing Maoists into a corner.
First, let them ban it in Manipur where they are in power.
duster for sale ...erase the old story in the board
The Financial Express: Get ready to pay upto Rs 1 lakh more for small diesel cars after #BSVI implementation!
its not pre-planed attack its a real surgical strike of pak army and revenge of kashmris and in the future these surgical strikes will happen untill randian terrorist army leave kashmir
Is it the right time to go for agricultural stocks
The last line is interesting. Let's change the measurement. If you can't fix it, change it!
Won’t need a special session to pass the S-GST for State: Kerala FM
By allowing only private sector banks as partners you sold this country tax systems to foreign institutions
Hi Sundar Please deploy a team creating software to help India's Income tax department to identify people with loads undeclared black money based on their online spends and acknowledgements of spending to their emails.. compaeing those big ticket purchases against their income declarations. India's IT people( Income Tax officials as well as salaried  Information Technology professionals) will be thankful to Google and you for this!
💥India's No.1 Home Job💥 🌟earn money without any investment 🌟multi level networking  🌟work daily 2 hours per day earn rs 500 to 1000rs daily 🔥life changing oppurtunity ✍type ""JOIN"" and send to my whatsapp no +918444867178
Can you give idea in ICICI Bank in long term
Long term perspective is missing, u can not have 15 year horizon planning
What's your view on quick heal ?Recent cyber breache around the world is a great concern but the problem is their EPS are now also negative Eg Symantec?
Vijay Goel felicitated the blind cricket team for winning the Blind T20 Cricket World Cup and announced a cash reward of Rs 10 lakh.
Great movie benchmark for Indian cinemas... keep it up rajamouli sir..
plzzzz... stop these blame game... we all don't want that... we need to focus on the reasons why the farmers are committing suicide... not just on who and how any1 saw them to do so..
I am not sure this particular analysis is any special or better. On the contrary, unlike normal, there are too many assumptions without base. She is one among the few I have been listening to for any worthy serious fundamental discussions. But this one is an odd.  Right now, everything points to one central pivotal figure: How much money is coming back?  Until we have updated authentic figures on a daily basis, we wouldn't be able to tell anything at all. The 2.1 Trillion incoming of Nov-27-30 is still an unreliable figure with belies logic. Could it be possible that this was just the inflow of deposits (of which a part could still be SBN Notes) that was popping into the huge salary accounts as usual on every month end? As for how to do with a special dividend, there can be umpteen ways to find a solution as long as RBI's soul owner is Govt. of India.
Time has come to teach them a lesson boycott everything related to them
No! All assembly elections could be held together but holding them with Lok Sabha is a huge mistake!
Nice
wake up cnbc ....you are in dream .....author ( me)famous writer of ""my best dream girl "" --> literary award -booker prize pending , noble prize for literature -pending
Who is this Shirish ? Has no comman sense between comparisons he is giving !
Will assess if the National Manufacturing Policy 2011 needs to be reviewed: Commerce Minister
Mr. Sun you are wrong, Pakistan produces one thing that is ' terrorists' and through CPEC Pak will increase the supply of this product throughout world. Wait you will feel the touch of their product in your Muslim dominated province.
Bros Can U tell me is 1.36 ex showroom Is for abs or not
continental cook , norh indian cook , south indian cook , main chef  wanted for cnbc tv 18 kitchen ..for better recipes of news
My heartily congratulations to Kanagana ... at least someone in Bollywood have guts to point finger on Karan... we all have witness the Karan being brand ambassador of Alia Bhatt... I hope directors and producer will think over this and will responsibly promote deserving talent ..!!!
BS3 Commercial Vehicle inventory will be higher than passenger vehicles: Pawan Goenka
Logic is to launch 2000 is temporary give a way
Yes thats my point too. Money is not the issue but political advantages are. This way or that way there are loop holes in everything. May be so much money was allotted  but was it used effectively? No one knows.  I just hope that every athlete is honored the same way like the winners. It would be an inspiration n encouragement for next generation of athletes.  Most of the talented athletes come from under privileged, poor socioeconomic background. They fight odds to represent our nation internationally they deserve respect n appreciation too.
I have 1100 motilal oswal @508 give me long-term View
Awesome 💕
Just good friends means only one sided love. I mean someone have a better option to secure rest life rather stick with foolish lov3ee3
He is trying desperately to come back into the limelight. Shud return back to his village n relax.
no muslim target.. poverty and infra development will be target. muslim is our brother not a paki.
But powerlessness of men comes when they can not take any responsibility at home and financially not sound!!!!In cinemas also they are showing this.  They are also showing what does a powerful man does!!!!But it is true cinemas motivate many things, good or bad!!!
Wowwww its awesome, will be proud to share your catalogue range,  for my own developments all India ....... Just ping me on ...... Grt show 🇮🇳🌍🏪🏟🚥🌋☺🇮🇳
Yeah.. for some reason I also respect you for your personality.. you have the ability to showcase that what you are doing you are doing it right :D.. in spite of the fact that Rs vs Dollar difference is still not corrected.. inflation hault a bit but people have to sacrifice their domestic term deposit interest rates.. no resolution for catching black money.. etc etc.. but still we believe & hope that one day you will bring the change by some means... _/\_.. we hope you will come back with a big bang..  (y)
Best men to serve in the absence period.... !
Uou made a mistake
Do you think bank nifty will hit life time high in this series ? And how much will market fear for a war or you think market will move on go for a new high ?
SMS GR to 51818 to get updates on the Get Rich shows
Well we should keep in mind Baba's word Saurabh Pandey
We got govt happily to power...power corrupts man...modi killed whom got him to power !
Hi  Is there any reason to hcltech fall with 20/-
as a foreign  afriars minister please solve the problem of  indian fishermen shot in tn
royal enfield please come up with a 2k cc engine
I suggest to indian gov. Gives full permsion to attack terrorism.
if no rate cut means how market will react from now onwards....?
May be she has given secretly ...how do u knw tat she iz nt concerned abt it ...n itz her wish to give or nt itz her money ..government has enough to serve pple for any calamity ....so i wish her good luck as she iz talented n work too much to earn dis position ....
I agee with Mr.Ishan Chopra. People like Baba as Tog Guru not as bussinis guru.
This is really needed to establish an efficient and effective democracy
I think india should start by stomping foot on news channels like u
Pls ask the same question to karan johar that if he gets a responsibility like that ?😀
Wonderful girls :)  Dipa Kurmakar also deserves more appreciations n encouragements... She didn't win a medal but won hearts of many... An inspiration to many :)
Wow, seems like money is pouring in from all directions.......  Just thinking about the soldier's who die fighting for us at our border......how much they get for their service to the nation.......
Global protectionism is a big challenge for India's services sector: Commerce Minister
AnujJi, plz throw some light on stocks like United Spirits, GM Breweries.......
Thanks to Sushmaji and Harish salveji
In case of Delta Corp the regulatory risks are way too high
Nischay Nishith Shah Splitting of Andra helped someone :P !
Credit goes to Tarun Vijay
What is use of these recalibrated atms when there is no cash in them. Poor policy implementation by government
You KV touched the issues that are relevant.....good for kegrewal and modi if they pay attention  to such positive criticism.
Where can we get data where WE KNOW FII AND DII SELL CALLS AND PUTS..
Market going down after touching high is certainly bad news
Don't Miss this Opportunity* No Investment Required,Only 2-3 hours working and earn Rs 500 - 2000 per day. Totally Geniune. We need serious candidates, Type ""INFO"" Send to WhatsApp  now on this number 9749890410
Naxalites had carried out the biggest arson in history by setting fire to 80 vehicles, including 76 trucks, at the Lloyd Metals’ iron ore mine site at Surjagarh in Etapalli tehsil of Gadchiroli.
Let the markets bottom out then buy in January 2017
Jet airways and spice can we say it is bottomed out ?
Sukanya Chakraborty. Just when you thought Priyanka Chopra was winning the ""Fancy Dress"" competition.
agni with love .....what is the rack stock of agni 1 , agni 2 , agni 3 , agni 4 , agni 5 ...........let me have a guess agni -8 numbers , agni 1--12 numbers, agni 3 -10 numbers , agni 4 -4 numbers , agni 5 -1 in  number , agni 6 - under pipe line  ...total nuclear capability -1oo nukes can be made  , that can be fixed ......drdo check your rack stock....from daddy cool
I have been crying from rooftops that Markets will fall
Kerala is the no 1in the country for humen development index,which include litracy gender ratio,health,childbirth rate.and hindhus are very.happy here than any other state
It is all sophisticated and full of rhetoric talk for time pass.
Mistry's charges against the Tata Group are fanciful: Tata Counsel
Is there a chance for bank nifty to have a rally in the coming week ?
If RBI says, there is bound to be some good, valid reason. Every defaulter is not a wilful defaulter. For the government, the aim must be 2 fold. The businesses must run profitably generating employment and production. Loans must be recovered with due interest, in a proper manner. Both must be balanced.
Hi
God bless Jadhav
Hi Sonia bought Reliance capital @ 472 and what will be the impact on NBFC of demonetization
“It is important not to convert political fight into mere clash of personalities as the BJP and NDA regime are trying in order to divert focus from their policies administrative failures,” Singh said. CPM leader Sitaram Yechury said that the policies of NDA government is challenging the Constitutional principles. The need of the hour, he said, is to pit ‘patriotism against RSS nationalism and counter Hindutva nationalism with Indian nationalism’.  In recent past, there were some signs that opposition parties were serious considering coming together to challenge the BJP-led NDA.
What a craziest feature of the history and caracator​ .
Vishwas ....joining BJP ?
Wonderful person! A fine mind! God bless you, General Rawat!
For road projects you can bring IPO along with PPP
My grandfather was also in in Indian army & my school friend is also in bsf at the post of sub inspector
This year 70 women bikers draped in traditional nauvari saris took to the streets at Girgaum, Maharashtra for a bike rally an it was quite a sight!
English news agency writing Punjab as punjan   How I don't know Even auto correct corrected it when I wrote it
Anuj any idea about sterlite technologies it moved 4 .5% today , can we expect more
PLZ PLZ PLZ PLZ SHARE THIZZZZ If u want to give justice to DAMINI's soul,,,,than follow this n share this,,,  write a letter to PRIME MINISTER'S OFFICE, NEW DELHI with this content,,,  ""WE WANT JUSTICE, if u can't do this than leave your post""  address of PMO:- South Block, Raisina Hill, New Delhi-110001 Phone +91-11-23012312,23013149 Fax +91-11-23019545, 23016857  after doing this,,,, pls cmnt ""WE DONE IT"" on this post at the page TARGET = 2,00,000 cmnts  http://www.facebook.com/pages/We-Want-Justice/120683381432168
It should be decided after 2014 general election than only the fair position will come out.
Awesome.... Well played sir... Need Cup....
yeah .. BJP too thought they will stay in Punjab and Goa
What's his intention ....but thanks he gave India honest leaders like Kejriwal, Sisodia.
what presume in 2014election.your marty got maximum seat or party of kirti jha azad .whey p m still from other party think your party have chance to got majority.
Whenever there is change in any process, there is always a transition period which lasts for some period. So nothing to worry about.
Internally the real hero of this movie is... S S RAjAMOULI SIR
One nation one tax is a, myth ha ha. Great going.....
Dhananjay Aggarwal he has a point
You should arrange an convention in Los Angeles gonna come there I have some questions regarding this
Thanks CNBC-TV18 for sharing this event live because bajaj webcast fails
Just read ur news channel tomorrow.. Will get the answer
what about  Axis Bank.? Any signs of an uptrend in the short term?
Hello
they have used many words like this to the PRIME MINISTER  not an ordinary man. But u will only blame pm  for this. anyone can say anything to person who is such post.
And that is after increasing fares, reduction in quality service due to increase in corruption. Prabhu - Please bless railways.
Great pm ever. These shouting politicians must be thrown into dust bins. Useless.n.undeserving
All arrangements made to ensure free & fair election: CEC Nasim Zaidi
Who care....
Really a kit Agarwal no black money is coming in system than why all these political parties are crying
they sell anything even quality -second hand under wear ...consumer world and digital swipe  of indian population
In the letter, Mishra claimed that the way AAP leaders and volunteers were quick to brand Bhardwaj as a BJP worker aroused suspicion that the entire episode was scripted ""like the past attacks on you (Kejriwal)"".
Financial closure of road projects a hurdle, have met bankers on this: Nitin Gadkari
He is the striker of india.. he has ability to change the face of nation from developing to developed... great job he is doing support him..be a proud Nationist
CBN is great administrator I pray God to keep him fit and energetic
We have a leader who believes in doing .His words are not just empty words. His words carry weight. Proud of you Modi ji.
Cow in Hinduism:  Eating Beef (Cow Mata) allowed in Hinduism. Rigveda (10/85/13) declares, “On the occasion of a girl’s marriage oxen and cows are slaughtered.”  Rigveda (6/17/1) states that “Indra used to eat the meat of cow, calf, horse and buffalo.”  Manusmriti (Chapter 5 / Verse 30) says, “It is not sinful to eat meat of eatable animals, for Brahma has created both the eaters and the eatables.” Maharishi Yagyavalkya says in Shatpath Brahmin (3/1/2/21) that, “I eat beef because it is very soft and delicious.” Apastamb Grihsutram (1/3/10) says, “The cow should be slaughtered on the arrival of a guest, on the occasion of ‘Shraddha’ of ancestors and on the occasion of a marriage.” Vashistha Dharmasutra (11/34) writes, “If a Brahmin refuses to eat the meat offered to him on the occasion of ‘Shraddha’ or worship, he goes to hell.”
Presenting .... Dolce' n Gabbana's 2017 spring summer's 'Curtain' collection !
Exactly..i am with you on this kangana.atlast someone had guts to speak truth !!
Since their was view on mutual fund day that u should opt for underperformer due to law of average, since I own MIRAE Midcaps fund an outperformed so is now a time to move to SBI MAGNUM Midcaps as it was an  underperformer in last 1year? Please tell Ur view?
One morething Would like to add  that Media should be kept out of Army Planning and implementation..
Official Bot  By Hijran Ahmad  :|] Kia keh Dia Zalim 🏡 India TV :|] 🏡 Monday 📆 1 📆 May 📆 2017 🏡 Gul Hassan 🏡 Ch Botters 🏡 India TV 🏡 :)  I Am On Fire :)  1 minutes ⏰ 46 seconds ⏰  🏡 Personal Bot By  Hijran Ahmad 🏡 site: DIL-WALY.TK 🏡
Where do I even begin on the issue? By the way...This happened behind my back....
This fat boy kim Looks like he ate an entire continent for lunch.
Bjp will emerg as largest party..may get 160 seats
irrespective of any religion all social evils should be banned
U mean to say if Taurians are eating too much of food (it is their tendency) then other zodiac people should feel bad.. .
Can you share you me with , can i book profit on maruthi now?
We proud of u. But more then it we need u again
We are in the job of supplying fuel 365 days: HPCL CMD
Now India will be the fastest slowing economy in the world.
sir berger ntpc ambuja idfc bank which 2 stocks which price wll enter rite time
That's not funny, Idk why this has the laughing face, what's the point of messing up their bodies like that other than to torture their parents and familes, I feel bad for those familes
So, you will join bjp.
what about triple talak why supreme court hesitate to give justice to muslim women later on halala
lot of analysts and institutions like Lupin as their choice in top 3.. but the stock is stuck forever in 1400 range... and now in 1300.. ur view pls
Congratulations to all participants and winners.. Keep the startup culture on👍🎉
Akshay Kumar sir plzz clear people about your Canadian citizenship status to all ur Indian brother & sisters
Nodilla Inna.. have to watch 😃
Bajaj needs to upgrade der quality standards first.. competition wid RE comes later
Definitely overdoing nd over rated actress. That dress is a bad choice.once she even looked like Michael jackson.
If Mallya extradited to India, then the British law department will get the world recoganization. We Indians will believe it.
I was buying Wockhardt stocks for Rs 1200. Today quote Rd.715.. but now I cannot sell for losses.
RSS is on right track
Why India judicial is not putting in jail the gandhi family they r the most corrupt
Do u recommend tcs buyback.. what about stock in future
Good that share market is coming to sensible level... Earlier talked about strong hands will vanish.There will be tremendous cleansing of businesses.Share market will punish them.It is good for common man.They will believe in hard earning and desist speculation.
If modi rules India for 10 years only our country would be able to give refuge from Islamic caliphate
Vishwa Yandigeri What about Goa?
Danish-  try to control and solve the source of these problems... Second thing cow may not be imp for u ppl, but its imp for majority of Indian.
Tell Shri Shri to give aome spiritually to the terrorists, like he said it needs for Farmers
mahesh this cloths aren't design to wear every day lol and she is walking on carpet not delhi road.
So are we saying there was no black money poured in BJP to fight the elections...
such stupid replies are expected from swami people die he calls it collateral damage.  hope he faces the impact personally of the collateral damage.
where can nifty end its collapse ? any idea sir ...brexit levels r almost here
Congratulations to Salve n Indian Government 👍
absolute truth ...nice ...jay hind ....rest assure time certainly will come when we are in top one .....jay hind ....jay mata di .....
Really excited!
MUSLIM + AAPTARD= EXTREME AAPTARD!!!
Would you ever confess, more than 95% people loose money trading and you are adding to loosers ?
My question is where is our all tym world richest BCCI ??
hii
Where to tracks all data that are to be announced ?
At NSE, shares of the company plunged 5.28 per cent to Rs 1,520.60.
cnbc is the bank of crank .........what cnbc tv 18
Part time online job without investment  Most important job for Facebook expert  Earn 15000-25000/-month  Open play store  Install champcash mony free app Sign up with champcash  Refer id-9044274 Install 7-8 apps in the champcash and start online work
NCLT may make such order as it thinks fir if it is of the opinion that the companies affairs are being conducted in a manner oppressive to any member and in a manner prejudicial to the int of the co under oppression and mismanagement respectively. Let's wait and c if NCLT cud be able to bring out wat exactly happened in Bombay house
It was completely a PM’s show, as BJP candidates from any of Varanasi’s five constituencies or other BJP leaders campaigning in the city were conspicuous by their absence from the cavalcade.
First ask ur brothers to stop all anti social activities..
Now Randia will seek What is the Real Surgical Strike
Sir suppose person don't have any bank account, than how he would deposit in bank?
He is not a politician. He was always a social worker. He is still fighting for his cause, just not getting due attention cause the politicians are busy hogging the limelight.
I most excited to see .. you on live ..
which eye left eye or right eye or both --refresher comment -net practice comment
But was wrong to support TMC
sir BSE good share for long term..or MCX better...? :)
Never allow one to define you...never follow anyone blindly......usually alone people only changed the world ....look all great inventions....... ..history is replete with such instances......
I think modi will keep r3 at the last minute
Very shocking news. This is lesson to all Top CEOs-  do progressive work or get out.
Will you people focus on some serious issues of economics and business....?????
what is niti aayog? is it functional? or Indian institution?
Robotics & Automation everywhere.....Forms of Robotics that are emerging after Robotic Baggage/suitcases too....+Bharat Bhatia, Ritika Arora Bhatia, Komal Damani, Gaurav Jamgaokar, Meghna Jhaveri, Rahul Harsh Rajé., Rahul Jhaveri, Puneet Sanghvi .... :-)
Iyogi employees need justice .. Most of the employees, even people in higher management have not been paid for more than 3 months... There are people who even feel to commit suicide now as they are broke..
No
no bank ---> don't tax your brain too much --out out cnbc tv18
Its tons of porn with unlimited  assess thro mobile ...
If you against Modi then tell me who can handle India?
Well China we will hv a good a economy if we ban Chinese products  So that's what u want huh😎
Part time online job without investment  Most important job for Facebook expert  Earn 15000-25000/-month  Open play store  Install champcash mony free app Sign up with champcash  Refer id-12935304 Install 7-8 apps in the champcash and start online work
If dawood n modi is same, make him pm of papistan.
You have to ask that to Larry page or sundar pichai! :D
Spend these amounts before medals i think we will achiveve more
Rightly said.
because, I know the truth.  I'm not expecting any award or reward from him. If you have any information share with us. We are ready to learn from you.
Oh yeahhhhh!
Bjp big win in UP and form govt in Uttar Pradesh and uttarkhand
Now its easy for fraudsters to tamper  Evms one time
To understand what Modiji is executing what he says, we people need knowledge.. With half understanding or no economic knowledge people criticise just to oppose him without reason or baseless hatred..
Rigging will get no seats to AAP
needed move 4 genuine curtomers and P note measurement will help to curb against speculation
I am sure Yogi ji being a sanyasi might hv allowed this to be done by an accused murderer but as a CM he will show his strictness towards the accused MLA
I guess I'm the only one not fooled by Jio
Indias success story is over just b happy that others r also suffering!
I like this woman.  She lives on her own terms. Agree or not is different. Just be who you are and respect others but don't let any one step on you.
CNBC-TV18 Shame on you..  It took you so many days while millions of people were people were protesting against the ban on jallikattu.. And you mentioned 3000 people.. I would suggest you to go to eye doctor immediately...  People were in lakhs...  The entire TamilNadu is protesting..
Yeah saw his tweet. He just hopes ;) it'll take him end of this year to early next year.
Watch it first
Pakistan army rejected indian blame on pak army. Did nothing rong with bodies  india always ceasefire violation.
CNBC-TV18 you guys should highlight Jariwala Bldg that is pending since 35 years in mahim
I love the dress.!  How could this happen?
Very good
Very good--
Why did you missed in last 12 years ?
No he should join aap
400 cc dominar 35 bhp, cbr 250 cc 34.87 bhp, 390cc duke 43 bhp.
Do RSS represents all hindus in India ??
Part time online job without investment  Most important job for Facebook expert  Earn 15000-25000/-month  Open play store  Install champcash mony free app Sign up with champcash  Refer id-12935304 Install 7-8 apps in the champcash and start online work
This is not FMGC its FMCG (fast moveing consumer goods)..
But that jihadi mamata has worked more than what bjp did in there states......but bjp just had sarda narda hindu muslim to defame mamata
See now u dont respond....
Wait India will behead 20 Porkis pigs 🐷 head silently 😂👋
Wish i were born in Kerela <3 heaven for all the rational minded people
His mission is not complete, give him some time, do not get misguided. Truth will prevail
Greatest leader we ever got!! Take pledge not to allow political parties snatch him away from us.
Is being glamorous thay easy? All of us are doing hard work in our profession. We see brighter side of bollywood divas and heroes but don't know what goes in reaching that stage.
He forgot to do some good work for l&t powai works mumbai,  worker's,  he destroy our life....
It ll happening everyday for private buses need to reach on time so that they can make more money and trips. Since this video went viral actions has been taken and RTO had meeting with all private bus owners to stop this nonsense at least now.
Must watch.
Truly the two leaders seem to have a lot of common qualities which have helped them reach where they are and helps them stay where they are.
what abt BEML ? Is there any hope for strategic sell ?
Despite Rajeev Bajajs announcement,Eicher Motors closed at days High..any comments  ?
NBFCs with net worth over Rs 500 cr to be included in QIBs: SEBI
solar  powered cooking reduces cooking gas -reduces L.P.G demand
#EXCLUSIVE #REPLUG  “We understand that all Kashmiris are not involved in the so-called militancy. There are few, select in number, who indulge in terror and violence."" - Indian Army Chief
Voter will see another three years  then he will decide which govt good Fr him
Rajan's exit has something to do with the blame game played by Subramanian Swamy. This will cost BJP and the financial market for sure, especially foreign investors. Wait for the Market to react on Monday.
I didnt sell my laptop I bought with the money which I saved to buy laptop
Considering RBI event coming in next week what r the chances that nifty may take support once again at 8700 levels
🏇🚴🏇 ρσωєяєd ʙʏ Zeexhan MaliCk 🏇🚴🏇  :|] Kia keh Dia Zalim 🏡 India TV :|] 🏡 Friday 📆 28 📆 April 📆 2017 🏡 Gul Hassan 🏡 CH Botters 🏡 India TV 🏡 :)  I Am On Fire :)  54 seconds ⏰ 🏡 Personal Bot By  Zeexhan MaliCk 🏡 site: DIL-WALY.TK 🏡
What has happened to Tata share those who bought in Uganda by Asian.who are settled in uk.
🙏 100% FREE ........ JOB.... YOU CAN EARN MONEY UNLIMITED LIFETIME....... COMPANY INDIAN GOVERNMENT REGISTERED..... CHAMPCASH IS COMING FOR ALL PEOPLE HOME BASED BUSINESS.  🌏ALL OVER WORLD ANY WHERE. 💯YOU CAN EARN MONEY UNLIMITED LIFETIMES 💯 100 % FREE JOINING ✅ WITHOUT INVESTMENT ✅ HOW TO JOIN ❓ 🙏PLEASE GO TO GOOGLE PLAYSTORE CHAMPCASH APP DOWNLOAD.AFTER SIGN UP WITH CHAMPCASH. THEN REFER ID NO -3078610 PUT. And complete your Challenge  🎯INCOME SOURCE IS AVAILABLE........... ⭕REFER & EARN  ⭕INVITE & EARN  ⭕JOINING & EARN  ⭕EARN MORE MONEY  ⭕MOBILE RECHARGE. ⭕DTH RECHARGE  ⭕FLIGHTS TICKETS BOOKING  ⭕RAIL'S WAY'S TICKETS BOOKING  ⭕ONLINE SHOPPING  ✌(Flipkart/ Amazon/ Snapdeal/ Shopclues/ Jabong /Myantra/Paytm/Tata sky/ Airtel & many more company is available commission 1 to 7 % up to 7 levels )  💯CHAMPCASH IS BIG PLATFORM IN FUTURE. 💯DON'T TIME LOST  ✅THIS IS GOLDEN OPPORTUNITY IN YOUR LIFE SO EMEDIETLY JOIN IN CHAMPCASH AND YOU CAN EARN MONEY UNLIMITED LIFETIME  🙏JAI CHAMPCASH 🙏  iPhone & computer users ok .
Don't make statements, better do it general.
Reema Pls comment on TAMO. holding at 350/-.. is it good for another 1 yr.
V sad that Army people on both sides of border r treated  v badly.Politcians play the games and innocent Army Jawans r killed.
Ratan tata dedicated his whole life for india He make a better reputation Salute to Ratan Tata
Delhi too witnessed the hottest morning of the season in the past five years.
whom do you support bro ?
if u r short term investor then u should keep distance to RIL.....but u can enter in reliance infra and reliance capital
Appalling to say the least at a time when consumption required a boost. Withdrawal of incremental CRR is a relief.
till now India is stuck wheather the muslims are nationalist and hindus are secular or not...
Indian Army trying to divert attention from Kashmir unrest... where they stop internet access,social media bane, violation of human rights , killing of innocent Kashmiries on daily basis....every Kashmiri stands against Indian aggression , but remember the struggle of self determination of Kashmirs will continue until their freedom....
Nothing will happen.. it will stabilize, take a chill pill and ride it out
Mr. Bipin Chandra Bhatt , there is an organization called https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Muslim_Rashtriya_Manch which is under RSS. I do believe RSS is secular
To be very honest This comes to all of us naturally when we go for a pi 🤣
Advance type of Hostel. Hostel are very common here in UK.
Prashant Singh is joining Republicans in USA
Baahubali=a product of the far more developed and advanced south Indian psyche, a psyche that unlike the north mastered quality instead of suicidal quantity: it's stars and actors will have the upper hand in the world of developed India, a world underdeveloped bollytrashwood does not have the ability to cater or produce for.
Dear China , Pls focus on making quality product rather then infiltrating into Arunachal Pradesh.
Why you don't want Modi to cross Vindhyas.?
""Surgical Strike"" by Pakistan Army 2 indian soldier killed.  SnakeEagle Pakistan Defence Command
Wasim Hassan , I am not pro Yogi or Bhakt if you are getting that idea. I absolutely don't need to defend BJP or Yogi as they are way beyond capable of doing that by themselves. If you will read my comment, you will see that I am against paid media that will print the speculation instead of solid well researched based on facts news.
Fii will sell if there are uncertainty, selling pressure will continue I think. Nobody knows whats going to happen since this demonetisation. Nobody is going to buy now, not dii and certainly not fii.
Lets hope laggards like Metals and Real estate catch up too
If the banking sector as a whole does not embrace technology and invest significant amount of capital in their Operations, it will be taken over by other tech driven companies and consumers shifting their trust to others who offer them more value
Sonia...How about financials like federal bank and housing finance such as dhfl
Johar ! Come on accept it ! 🤘🏻😏
Is Siemens still a good buy in the large cap space?
Isn't it hypocrisy bro . Ppl are dying . Standing in the queue.  N u are telling me the prime ministers mother doesn't have money or ppl to exchange notes for her .?? Its a publicity gimmick.
Congratulations Anuj and team ! Great work ! I am  holding TV18 in my portfolio so fingers crossed :)
Sir. Private bank atm only use withdraw  2000rs.but. No change 100,50 bus travel 5rs to10rs 50,100ticket price
apples nearest vendor india for asian market  ...china unsold pieces can also be shifted instantly to india.
yep Avishek Mani its true.
I have one lack wich sector is good for invest
Where is the proof sir!!
share market tp tirupathi hundi .....that is cnbc tv 18...govinda govinda
cnbc tv 18 do you know how the defective goods are returned .....now reverse the entire flow chart from Z to A...from A goes to the service center or manufacturer for replacement
Why tv18 number one not showing in its result and mkt price????
Hi what is 6 moth down the line we can see nifty will reach
RBL & Equitas for long term...I want to buy more
We congratulate our cm and all the people of two region where by poll conducted on victory wish you all the best guys truly a good decision your region development starts now.
Dude you want all to love you, but you spread hatred!!
Ohh that is really a bad news for fans of salman khan :P
Any idea abut e governance companies it seems at inflection point
Do the talks over technology like video conferencing and so on
💢 Bot User 💢 Xingh Kannu 💢   ♥PYTHON♥BOT♥TEAM♥  ♪----» TAYYAB-XD.TK «----♪  ♥♡o. BOT OWNER 💢 TAYYAB KHAN 💢
Hi Anuj,can long position be made CCL Products and Govind Rubber?
i have hpl electrical 70 share @202 at ipo price..what should i do?
Iam sure half of what the media shows ia all lies amd is all what The politicians are instigating
Hi Anuj & Soniya, your long term view in JAMNA Auto & Sadbhav Engineering pls
IF SO THEY WILL CRITICIZE FOR NOT DOING ANYTHING NEW
Wonderful
well said bro... best of luck... i love kerela...
Well, Tata shares are gonna be highly bullish tomorrow on NSE after this news!
I dont think that 50% atms calibrated ..its only 15-25%
Very well written n true
Shirish kunder who?? Who is he? ..
Hi, What Shall be Bottom Range for Nifty in Worst Scenario for April Series.
above stocks have crossed the crash test ----> bears and bulls in the investment jungle ----> go for glen, sun -safe to play , hero , tvs -another safe play , gnfc --gujarat is ruling india so -high returns , blue star--summer special
If you have any stock specific queries for Anuj and Reema, then please let us know!
Why you are showing these. Drones aren't even allowed in India
Exactly sir,it's the truth
Lalu Ji is post graduate, not illiterate
this guy is specially designed to interview prescribed repoting,  very diabetic ;) :D
2000 rs not needed for a growing economic please share your views on this
and they only have about 25 times the population!  What an achievement!  Let's all move to India!   NOT!
Though JP is promising to give flats in 1-2 years and they have called for a meeting on 29 th April at their office - the larger question about getting interest for delayed possessions . JP has levied penalties to buyers if payment has not been made now it's their turn to give interest for the money deposited by buyers as stated in their agreements .
I just don't understand why PM Modi himself doesn't take any step. I have seen just statements of all the politicians, before and after the elections, nothing has changed. PM Modi should either take control of Home Ministry or appoint new Home minister
Anna is great he could easily have become CM of delhi but for blackmailers in power now, he is too simple and DEDICATED he saved his REPUTATION by not joining AAP.
.. I find both of them as too over rated .
*PURE DESH ME AFRA TAFRI KA MAHOOL HAI...INDIA KI 98% JANTA GARIB HAI..YE MAAR ASLI 98% PE MARI HAI MODI JI NE..YE ACHA NHI KIYA BJP NE PURA VYAPARI VARG ROO RAHA HAI KHUN KE AANSU BJP WE SHAME ON YOU*  *B.J.P..*❌❌❌❌❌❌❌ *MODI..*❌❌❌❌❌❌❌  *WE REALY SHAME ON YOU MODI JI..*
lol
instead of showering on medalist..they could use the money to cure the curse of unemployment
Thank you for answering my query , Actually yesterday I lost more than 35k in just 5 min  so I asked the question to hold back shares or to sell hodlings .
🏇🚴🏇 ρσωєяєd ʙʏ Hijran Ahmad 🏇🚴🏇  :|] Kia keh Dia Zalim 🏡 India TV :|] 🏡 Monday 📆 1 📆 May 📆 2017 🏡 Gul Hassan 🏡 CH Botters 🏡 India TV 🏡 :)  I Am On Fire :)  3 minutes ⏰ 48 seconds ⏰  🏡 Personal Bot By  Hijran Ahmad 🏡 site: DIL-WALY.TK 🏡
Well Kashmir is on the boil! Even carpet bombing the place like VHP says won't save Kashmir! Tight situation now! Let's see whats upcoming in next few days!
Would you bet on some Railway stocks post the Fed rate event ?
Hey..buddy..whats the duty of police and court in our country..dont say foolishness
Nilesh Sir..one soilid advice for a new comer in investment/ stock investment  field
8505050887#get_immediately_solution_for_your_all_problem_contact_now & whatsapp Vashikaran, love marriage, love problem, family problem, husband wife problem, business problem, child problem #solution_with_100% guarantee
Sir is there any basis in the rumours Kotak merging with Axis
Awan Muhammad  U dont know what is the power of our soldiers..
Cyrus Mistry is a great leader looks more like Rata Tata's doing he wanted to return becuase of his previous bad deals .
dnt teach ground reality....the govt hv to tell how much time they need to change the law..we need action not assurance
If we would have been spent this much momey earlier for making them prepare like other countery does. We would have got the gold ......Funny and irony part of indian sports....
""American English"" is actually a correct term. There is American English, just as there is British English, Canadian English, Australian English, and others.... although it's a bit redundant to use the term ""American English"" when referring to the official language of the United States. http://www.aranchodoc.com/different-types-of-english/
Sasikala is the right choice as CM, Tamil Nadu.
Universal Basic Income Scheme starts becoming interesting in these times: CEA
Firstly smooth seas don't make skillful sailors secondly you don't need to solve a problem just need to have a different perspective that's all...
Let congress speak. Kharge saheb should explain why he used the word of ""Dog"" in his speach.
News on yes bank cutting to half is true ? Is npa start to haunt yes bank ?
Rather then pile up of accumulated losses shut down the business
Gr8 sir ji  you are right
And Also Kindly ref. our site http://www.perscitustech.com for Intraday , Shot term n Investment calls
Unfortunate
Nice
when central bankes across the world are finding it difficul to place sufficent qualified person for the post then we are allowing a person who by his credientials have been elected as one of the best bankers in the world to go away.Yes it is true that massive funds for rulling partys political campaign have been spend by coporates like Adani.Rajan have always stood to bring inflation down which have a direct effect on common man.
MILITARY OR PARA MILITARY .. . WHO CAN STOP THE GREAT POWERS TO  DO HUMAN RESHUFFLING .. . THIS SHUFFLING IS GLOBAL .. . BY THE WAY
u r rgt like as vijendra Singh, sushil Kumar etc.
Anuj your view on delta corp, when will the bull run start for this stock,very very good fundamentals.
Like kholi...
Pak always violate all International Laws but I fully believed on Indian Army they don't these sacrifices in Vain and feel ashamed on Political leaders always showing condolence ,their is no need to Condolence but need to Action on Ground. Hats off my Soldiers..RIP
May he be in the best health and live a long life.
Good move.  It ll be little difficult to be into this pattern at the beginning but in long run it ll produce great result. Looking forward for the good outcome.  I #support this change.
Dear brothers and sisters,Always be positive to make all things positive!
Krishna yes you accept  it. this is a surgical strike from pak
Majority of Keralites are Hindus.Then why people in Kerala again and again choosing them??? Why they are not giving a chance for BJP??
Nice joke
Big guys always look  for their profits . its like to hell with people.
national security is in danger due to face currency, funding to terrorist group by anti national elements and our neighbouring enemy countries as a patriotic Indians we should ready to tolerate this type of small problems
There are few e-commerce models in the market raking in windfall gains, what's up with SD...Why can't this company follow the pattern!! The onus lies on the management that is overseeing the critical processes. Either management or the way processes are being handled or both need to be scrutinized & rectified. Employees are main drivers, why axe their jobs??
You just live in Dubai, when you are in India, you will know why
If it is terrorist  or no but sorry for the fake news he is not in karachi he may be in dubai or may be in india
No need for 2000 notes..it will soon get  trapped in d coffers of polluted ppl.
Are you listening?
Sunil Singhania, CIO, Equity, Reliance Mutual Fund, CA and CFA
America , India, Russia countries are not bouther abt China so
Combination of debt & equity more preferable for long term...
'vaidya shaala'/ वैद्यशाला - THE RIGHT WORD Certain biblical & other terms were modified by Christian Missionaries to sound as if Indian, in order to penetrate their religious activities. 'Hospital' was one among them. It was changed as 'aspataal' in North & 'aasupatri' in South. But, it is appropriate that we shall give up that pseudonym & use our native word 'vaidya shaala'/ वैद्यशाला! vaidya shaala/ वैद्यशाला, davaakhaana/ दवाखाना & hospiTal/ हास्पिटल are correct words. Dr. Rapolu Satyanarayana
I dont think that any other party has worked so hard for the country as much as modi has done for 3 years now
owen wilson starring has trump in "" behind the enemy line"" -columbia, script written by cnn, times now ,guest performance -Mr.modi --oath taking ceremony speech designed by cnn , times now
Sonia if my predicition goes right you will rmbr me right lol. Baby girl for you
Hi i am cricket fan
Modi will win bcoz no other leader can come half of near to him!!!
It is not improper implementation.... this move was perfectly timed
Sad when people come up with more excuses for violence against women.
Most of the times People like CM and other VIP actually do not know about such incidents, they unknowingly share events with people. People like Tripathi often try to grab such opportunities to get publicity. I am sure if Yogi had a clue about this Tripathi wouldn't be there. If a SP leader and rape  accused can get bail for multiple rape , Tripathi incident shouldn't surprise 😜
Adil Shahriyar, the doctored video you mean?
The sounds of ghungroo will make you feel delighted!
We need to triple in 5 years not 15 years
bike got dual abs  slipper clutch 35bhp @8000rpm ,6 speed 373 cc
Hi good evening....it's NANDAN from odisha.....taken 1 lot of IDFC Ltd.nov ce at price 2.85@ strike price 70...suggest what to do.. Thanx
People wait in front of theatres in long queues to get tickets of their favourite celebrity movies, they wait for so long to see their favourite celebrities everywhere possible - cricketers, movie stars etc. why not for a good cause
I always so agree your comment. But one questions are alive my mind  if no one are present, then who will give value myself.
Hafeez led Pakistan to their first win on the tour of Australia with a six-wicket win in the second ODI of the five-match series.
Anna should avoid critical comments against Kejri sir.Anna has no lieutenant like kejri to popularise his name.This old man instead of petting is jealous of his oldtime disciple. Give him blessing instead of criticism.
Have you watched Baahubali 2 yet?
What do u feel about the HDFCBANK crossing it's FII limit ? Do you have any idea about the confrontation going between RBI and SEBI ?
Victory for the truth
I am not sure about import goods but If the need arise pakistan can teach you the art of begging and procuring stuff , also they have a spectacular achievement in the field of missiles which changes colour and trajectory in mid air( known as chameleon missile ) . Don't underestimate pakistan as they are the only country known to survive via begging which is a god gifted talent
Doctors must justify why a Rs 90 drug is prescribed when a Rs 1 drug is available: IMA President
ask straight question madam -whether GVK  is congress or BJP or telungu desam or trs congress ....you people are just hitting around the bush .
Dear Modi je-- please give order to respond PAK immediately
You have been outspoken, and thats amazing
They are the grate fredom of india we are angoy it thank u
Really hat's off for your thinking and you language it's shows your culture and surrounding.
Its not only about direction equal appreciation for writer whos imagination is magnificent
Modi did good, to control back market, plan was not well executed. Middle class has to suffer a lot.
Congrats to u & megha ..... On her way to success in life
Sushil Karra sir BJP Is leading gujrat since 1995. There is no connection in between but as mentioned in my earlier comment that we forget everything when religious matter comes in our Indian mind.
INDIAN RAILWAYS. FOR NATIONS PROGRESS.
Anuj plz suggest Can bank nifty increase more in coming days
The political party who has asked the proof of surgical strike are now asking this question what a level of hyprocracy
Nonsensitical statement
What to do?  We are seeing lack of Unity in India  among the people Make our Country like Israel 56  Islamic countries afraid of Israel.
Hahaaa- Tum logo ne  Independence Party ko proper funds nai diye bhai sahab
When is the network of jio going to be usable? You can charge but let it be at least usable...
Well done modi your planing has should  ' Nobody is perfect '
Woo ..... Should v follow technicals now or fundamental  ... Or HEART :p #Brain not working
💢 Bot User 💢 Xingh Kannu 💢   ♥PYTHON♥BOT♥TEAM♥  ♪----» TAYYAB-XD.TK «----♪  ♥♡o. BOT OWNER 💢 TAYYAB KHAN 💢
Human protection and not cow protection please...
Petrol prices are going up tonite ; right ? Rs 5 minimum
I only faced signal problem while using jio and that's why i switch back to Airtel
Sure,   MADHYA PRADESH VOTING MACHINES  is the example for the GUJRAT ELECTION.   Hahaha, Hahaha, Hahaha, Hahaha, Hahaha, Hahaha, Hahaha, Hahaha, Hahaha, Hahaha, Hahaha, Hahaha, Hahaha, Hahaha, Hahaha, Hahaha, Hahaha, Hahaha, Hahaha, Hahaha, Hahaha, Hahaha, Hahaha, Hahaha, Hahaha, Hahaha, Hahaha, Hahaha, Hahaha, Hahaha, Hahaha, Hahaha, Hahaha, Hahaha, Hahaha, Hahaha, Hahaha, Hahaha, Hahaha, Hahaha, Hahaha, Hahaha, Hahaha, Hahaha, Hahaha , Hahaha, Hahaha, Hahaha, Hahaha, Hahaha, Hahaha, Hahaha,Hahaha, Hahaha, Hahaha, Hahaha, Hahaha, Hahaha, Hahaha, Hahaha, Hahaha, Hahaha, Hahaha, Hahaha, Hahaha, Hahaha, Hahaha, Hahaha, Hahaha, Hahaha, Hahaha, Hahaha, Hahaha, Hahaha, Hahaha, Hahaha, Hahaha, Hahaha, Hahaha, Hahaha, Hahaha, Hahaha, Hahaha, Hahaha, Hahaha, Hahaha, Hahaha, Hahaha, Hahaha, Hahaha, Hahaha, Hahaha, Hahaha, Hahaha, Hahaha, Hahaha, Hahaha , Hahaha, Hahaha, Hahaha, Hahaha, Hahaha, Hahaha, Hahaha,Hahaha, Hahaha, Hahaha, Hahaha, Hahaha, Hahaha, Hahaha, Hahaha, Hahaha, Hahaha, Hahaha, Hahaha, Hahaha, Hahaha, Hahaha, Hahaha, Hahaha, Hahaha, Hahaha, Hahaha, Hahaha, Hahaha, Hahaha, Hahaha, Hahaha, Hahaha, Hahaha, Hahaha, Hahaha, Hahaha, Hahaha, Hahaha, Hahaha, Hahaha, Hahaha, Hahaha, Hahaha, Hahaha, Hahaha, Hahaha, Hahaha, Hahaha, Hahaha, Hahaha, Hahaha , Hahaha, Hahaha, Hahaha, Hahaha, Hahaha, Hahaha, Hahaha,
If we ask people to boycott Chinese Products, then we must first make cheapest possible products available in India to forcefully letting them boycott Chinese Products...
all the information about both olympic medal holder are wrong.... It is more than 30cr for P V Sindhu n Sakshi......... i).5crore from telengana. ii)Bmw from Sachin Tendulkar. iii)Indian Railway 60 lakh. iv)Odisha government 75 lakh. V) Being human 1 lakh Vi)Andhra govt 3 crore. vii)Dehli govt 2cr. viii) Indian olymic 30 lakh. ix) Nita ambani 50 lakh n car.... and much more from all state govt of India..... so its more than 30 cr....
Yes, India is crying for an Olympic medal . In fact, we have become undignified in the comity of sovereign nations. Priding ourselves as the largest   Democracy in the world. Soldier's is different one and genuine of course. Raise the issue separately. It will be like pulling each other's leg. If anyone jealous may become sportsman not soldier.
Google CEO is talking about extending connectivity. Fiber laying companies like sterile technology and Aksh Opti Fiber could be beneficiary
What is the view for the next few months in small cap index?
Fully agree. Many kill their skill just coz of the satisfaction of monthly credit to bank accs.
Kanhai, and you posted a comment based on what research and information?
Yes, I did. I told you we should have pursued this. It was a cool idea.
Nothing good happen till constitution come to the under educated people.
Prachee that video 😂
The announcement comes after an expert committee recently pointed out the damage to the Yamuna floodplains.
Govt is doing the right thing and I am with the government
Nothing new about it British had many middle East lands under it's control everyone knows tht
--HDFC profit------>investors --->buy your mansion, private jet,horses, vacation homes, a 170-foot yacht our keki mistry have revealed the history--dividenends payed for performing assets and non performing assets -not revealed -mystry?
Indian police?? BC are u BBC or CNN?
Enflied got its own fan following but anything new should also be welcomed and tested , after all change is always good .
Pakistan respect and pay honour to ourneighbors.. Can't even think to insult or mutiliat any person.. There's hidden enemy who is busy in such type of barbaric activities.. Our defense minister Khawaja Asif category denied on this horrible incident.. Indian should believe we Pakistani r peace loving nation. and want good relationship with our neighbors. Be friend. Hate revenge  war is not the solution.. Negotiation. Dialogue is the best solution..
That's what happens When a country is lead by a visionary and not remote controlled leader.
Your anchor sonia shenoy always make negative comment about market
true
Happy birthday
From last 2 nd half years I m waiting for this bike
Then why not restrict it to terrorists. Do you mean terrorists have bank accounts and there is no KYC for that.
Are you really Muslim  ?
Welcome in BJP !
Anna Hazare the gr8 !!!
Good news & blessings with her from citizen and God
AIMM is secular
Congratulations ERA
India's tactic to divert attention from Kashmir issue, because India is under tremendious pressure from international community and great struggle by people of kashmir...
Who is he ? 😂
Who is this fellow Rohit Kumar Rout
View on itc,as we see inching towards 250 (short term)
rise the range of agni missile's all series than no one can dare to menace india..
Oh God. Terrible this is. Haha.
It will be in direct war with China .The World has one problem and that is China
I am not too religious, But I support Yogi AN , People like you never helped 19th Jan 1990. You are too Ignorant.
He is the man of Visionary.There is lot to do in ground level.I guess in another five to ten years"" if every thing goes fine"" India will have different image and clear government..salute the energy level and determination of our PM.
Hey Anuj I hope you're happy with the United win over Spurs yesterday? Also Sonia Arsenal are winning too! :)
Prakash Diwan...any surprising sectors for 2017 ? like sugar and paper for 2016...
Why is judiciary in ur country??? Why courts??? If u ppl can kill anybody so easily....!!! Fake democracy fake constitution fake union of india !!
For me its just a candy from the govt. To me. Not yet experienced.
China is hungry for land and main target of China is to occupy Baluchistan, Kashmir, Tibet has all ready captured
#ENTERTAINMENT | #Phillauri collections witness a dip over the week.
It's performance issue...... He was putting much efforts..... on cash mulching TCS.....no inner politics....don't play TRP game
Thats why roads of new york are such clean. Good Priyanka Chopra some one is taking modi swachh bharat abhiyan to international stage..... Please try such thing in India we need more of this then America 👍👍👍
priya mehta leave this ppl i bet hal of this trollers morons don't even know what met gala is and its dressing code. our country has typical mindset. they critic something they don't even aware about. she is pulling off that style very well.
Seriously what met gala is? I have heard of grammys. Oscars and other shows but never heard of met gala. Is this a another award show?  And btw she is new defination of asian beauty in hollywood and making india proud through her work
Superb movie
It is a good gesture for rewarding to the individual who have made us glorious but at the same time to improve the fate of Indian sports in the international arena some generosity is also needed to improve the infrastructure to facilitate many such talents.
Working on amending AAI Act to monetise AAI's land bank: Jayant Sinha
how safe is your food ? ....read the article above
Just dial rallied in the end ..Reason fr so rally
let me come clean.. This is the first time I am saying 'Awesome Narendra Modi""
DEMONETISATION ==> CONSTITUTIONAL BENCH ✔  ==> Honourable Supreme Court of India is RIGHT. ==> From now on, Constitution of India will look after the DEMONETISATION ✔
What is your further view on ₹vs $
The biggest explosion of 2017. The big bang had never happened and never will * ₹₹ Free Join Other Business ₹₹ *  → If you want to get a job  → 10,000 to 50000 rupees from mobile ..  → Earn money every month, absolutely free  → champ cash from the Play Store  → Download your App  → Register.  → Enter the Referal ID - *371881*  → Helpline Whatsaap no - *9529389497
Our govt.will not do anything only statement , speaches only ?
Not muslim majority, terrorist majority countries
Have u ever applied any visa here? I hv been here since last 17yrs and u ppl hv been banned since few years.
Well....one less educated person in Parliament.......one more vacancy to be filled up by ""Shakha"" educated people😎
It's written by me brah... 😂😂😂
Really motivating programme, congratulations to CNBC 18, and ofcourse the business ticun and legend Mukeshbhai
Looks like inevitable after all political hard ball dialogue coupled with diplomacy & arm twisting with international pressures produce little or no results.
@siva  How is ur mother??? How is ur wife??? How is ur sister???  Hope everyone is fine....😁😁😁
Also see ....hw ur RSS activist caught in Burkha .... throwing beef in d holy temples...https://www.google.co.in/amp/www.india.com/news/india/burkha-clad-rss-activist-caught-throwing-beef-at-temple-pictures-go-viral-on-facebook-593154/amp/
On the death of 2 jawans in LOC CROSS FIRING  OUR H'BLE HOME MINISTER MUST SING;   RAAG: KADI NINDA...... GHARANA: BJP;  USTAD RAJ NATH SINGH & AMIT SHAH.
As Mr Ashwini gujral said once nifty will touch 8200 , it is most likely nifty will test 8200, 8145, 8078, & 8050
Now all AAPtards will abuse ANNA HAJARE
I salute ..@ Neel Patel,,U r just amazing. Each & every comment of urs is true & correct...India n world need people like U...Love u my brother.God bless U...& pls don't stop here. Keep ur comments on every required post...
Hi Sonia!! Markets & reliance zooming like rocket, what's your take on nifty breaking all time high
Yes
He is right bjp has all kind of people in party but it is not secular..hindu muslim chritians  Who is secular then?
The live feed is getting disconnected again and again. Whats wrong
Anuj sir y bank nifty not stopping?now.need to cool off
Muni I have no proof. But I am a common man and I have seen those videos on TV channels. If they were fake those channels should not have shown them. Onus of verifying truth is on channels and not viewers.  Beside I have not heard affected parties filing defamation suits against these channels.
How many people died on dat
This is why India looses great sport men & women. MONEY given from all directions. In Great Britain for comparison  ( 2nd position in Rio ) do not get a single penny  ( rupee ) just all the sport facilities.
Monica Kumar
Whatsapp: +918409779696 NO REGISTRATION FEES Earn Daily Rs 15,000 – 20,000 Monthly By Working Two Hours Per Day QUALIFICATION : Minimum 10TH pass Key Skills : Computer Knowledge and some basic Internet Knowledge For More Information Type “JOIN” And Whatsapp us on this no
A VIEW ON RBI STANCE OF TO BE NEUTRAL,AND ITS IMPACT ON MARKET SENTIMENTS?
Super service movies  nice collection   in this season movies and actually  Indian best movies best all movies pl guy I respect visiting movies thanks. Pl aap dekha  bax office nice bhike nice movies pabhata nice role  pl share  movies aap ne nhi dekha ha te dekh na na bhole
If political parties wants to give money thn give from party fund not from people's money  I don't want to pay taxes for this waste of Indian economy  I boycott
wats happening with sunpharma buyback? wats happening with sunpharma?buyback? wats happening with sunpharma?buyback?
Guys youtube started streaming it quality much better and angle is also better
Big hands n politions will change their black money into 2000.so people of india don t want 2000 currency in market
Congress ko oxigen mil rahe hai   Congress ke pass chance hai model developed kar de   Appointment dena bandh kar de   Bring in front Sachin pilot and jyotiraditya scindia
Nothing new said by them. All we know it from very beginning.
Time for introspection
The industry has been penalised for something we have not done: Pawan Goenka
You people making pharma industry a villain. God save this country.
Can you tell me I have bought 100000 shares of Moserbaer @ 11
Well planed pathways to nations Economy. Good job sir, hates of your bold decision. 85 % citizens will be happy & Benefited.
Ramnath. Pai. P u nailed it bro 😂😂😂
We shall acquire stocks based on book value or on earnings?
Then what is cpi doing in Kerala? Praising Hindus?
How to track eps and pe of share and valuate before buying any share
I AM WORLD NUMBER  4  IN MONEY LAUNDERING......SONIA BOFORS GANDHI
It is high time Congress Party INTROSPECTS itself..........why people have LOST FAITH in Congress Party.............................
He's completely lost the plot
HTC U Ultra First Look Video
👄 Bot🎎 Powered🎅 By🐩 Prince👷 Fadii  🏨 See My Bot Speed  😽 India TV ♥ c h α υ δ h r ψ s 🌹 β ο τ τ ε r ♥ 🏢 Saturday : 29 - April - 2017 🏨  Like Back♥ India TV 🏥 comment Late  58 detik :)  🏪  Auto Comment By    Prince Fadii  🏯 🔎 Baby-Bot.tk 💡
like this support have to show to our nation real hero's (solders) family also
100 up for Punjab with David Miller and Glenn Maxwell in the middle.
This matter should have been sorted out behind closed doors
Why psu banks like Canara n bank of Baroda not moving up
Should wait for the situation to clear up and get some explanation from the Tatas.
Akali's and SS are both corrupt parties so off course they will bark with Mamta and Keju two biggest traitors!!!
Good to hear this. Over last few months people have advised to buy this share without any evidence. Do your own research. Don't go with the useless experts in market. 🤔
Kabla Ch.....go through this link ....hw ur BJP/RSS guys got caught transporting cow meat in Gujarat...!! https://www.truthofgujarat.com/gujarat-bjp-exposed-bjp-car-caught-transporting-cow-meat/
There are 21 Arab countries in the world that do not recognize Hebrew as a language. There is only one country in the world that recognizes Hebrew.
He him self has approved that it was his fault of less Banking environment.... They them self have never encouraged their people to use Bank as mode of payment
Maha Ghaznavi read this.
Have u seen do u have authenticative information regarding ur allegation, Just inspired from ur boss.
It empowers pharmacist to give medicine which is not fair
i really don't think this fiber machine would really a tough competitor for Royal Enfield..
We are looking to get approval for Masala Bonds in 8-10 days: Nitin Gadkari
Param Pujye Sadgurudevji is innocent and Bhai Shree Mandeep Nagpalji is also innocent, i don't think that having a personal life with personal money is not good, Gurudevji has never told anyone to stop practicing their religion and follow him, he never told anyone to stop any-kind of bad habits, i know Mandeepji form years and i can bet it that he cannot drink, if someone likes having cars it is not bad if he has purchased with his personal money,I am seeing him form years he helps everyone and he is a very charitable person, and what IndiaTv is showing is he is a very bad guy & gurudevji takes money form people for his luxury it is not like that the money which Gurudevji takes from people is for charitable activities and for building a temple in Vrindavan so that the Sanatan Mariada keeps existing. Swami Balenduji & his organization knows me very well they don't listen and understand to what others want to express and post baseless articles on internet or in other words you can say that they want publicity ""by hook or by crook"".
i would like to see this guy in BJP
She was miss world nd how to represent herself knows better than all of us
AUSTRALIA WILL WIN LH
AND MR.MODI as prime minister
Worst is when trolls justify such organised murders by some false fabricated reasons. Nobody is bothered about rule and law and order for spoiling image.
We need leaders like him who are positive. If u think of change it will happen but the fact is many fear change and are cosy in status quo.
Please do your thing Sir. The country is with you.
http://www.niftyoptiontips.in/ For Nifty option tips Like · Reply · Just now
DEAR SIR, YOU HAVE ALREADY OCCUPIED MORE LAND IN VALUE THAN THE TRADE DEFECIT
If Shanti Doots are abusing means he is right person LOL
We also have brain, we can understand the story we can enjoy the movie. Do not need anyone's review.
Congress only makes noise, where was Rahul and Sonia, they are ashamed of listening to the truth, only their chmuche's  are present.
Huge potential in Indian markets in long term!! Just invest and forget..
Enough of talking guys. Show us mutilated bodies of Pakistani soldiers.
IS BIOCON STILL A LONG TERM BUY GIVEN THE HIGH VALUATIONS CURRENTLY?
Till January 2017 markets will fall, Buy in 2017 low levels for long term gains
Hie Sonia plz REC fut buy @169 hold or sell
The song is great. As for the dancing... it is dirge to the demise of odissi :)
Its the implementation which matters. Great job dear PM ji.
Bihari....Power...✊✊✊
2008-2012 BJP opposed GST and now suddenly they want to pass any how. if anyone has read the pdf of finance minsitry, its not one tax, its just the name GST while VAT and sales tax replaced by CGST and SGST and service tax gets added under this rule
poor mind set cnbc tv 18 .......slavery of thyrocare to make money on human potential .......stealth technology for the old news
Know indian govt should take strong action against pak govt even they should arrest dawwood. Lets see know what our govt going to do?
It's a shame for bill Gates to praise modi when he is responsible of killing Muslims in india and kashmir.bill gates should not become poltician.he should know how modi army abusing muslim in kashmir using youth as human shield and killing kids.bill gates should remember that for getting business he should not shake hand with people who r abusing human rights.as a muslim today I have to think should I use bill Gates company products.
Oh my god wow
new profile comeing soon bdw mwng 😉😉😉   ÷> ❤️ 😘😘 ❤️ <÷   <3 self-cmnt.mL <3
Do you survey are not done on actual  But data of convenience. That is the reason your base fails   Col lamba
2019 may be called off because of no opposition.... mhahaba
His name and fame would have been spoiled had he joined AAP political movement.
Thanks for ur valuable inputs and i just trade on options
do not fix on top ten stocks ....play wild card round ..
Very  good idea.  Finish all old money,,  Issue   all new.  Notes 50, 100, 500,1000, 2000. Tha k you.
Kumar Sambhav let me ask u few questions: 1. According to ur media claim Pak RATS get in and killed ur soliders, how did they know they were PAK RATS? 2. Lets say they came to know that they are Pak RATS, then how did they flew free from ur land without being harmed? 3 . Lets say that ur army was informed few hours later, than where are all the evidences for which they used to claim that they have done it? There are a lot of more questions but I think these are enough for u to think about it...?
Kwid is worst vehicle, has plastic oil chamber which leaks and engine gets Seized which is non serviceable. Problem not covered by insurance companies nor covered under warranty. Needs engine replacement which costs mental health and nearly one lakh rupees. Please search Google for Kwid engine seize problems.
Chow Tai Fook ,the Hong Kong based jewellers ,now own this most expensive diamond.
Have u ever applied any visa here? I hv been here since last 17yrs and u ppl hv been banned since few years.
Best to keep a price in mind to sell rather than just waiting for it to go higher and higher ?
Congratulations ........Counting start......We won't allow B.J.P IN SOUTH....
True form reporting.. this is how common people are suffering.. specially rural india.  And migrant labours.  Like in my state of kerala..  You should also report on how.. migrant labours are also feeling the pain..
Once ready, will announce timeline of roll out of door step delivery of fuel: HPCL CMD
kalyan jeweller scheme is 70% return on the 11th EMI payment., retail gold investments.
.. this disgraceful shocking event of rape is the result of reactive administration and defense system, not proactive.. And the changes at root-societal level required.. To prevent such shameful events, need to create utmost fear for police, strict laws and society among such criminals.. but long way to go India..
Hi Anuj a view on Dmart plz, didn't took part in the rally, is it likely to remain sideways in near future as well ?
After Brexit ,its Rexit ; I guess one eyed king in land of blind actually is a curse rather than gift...but Rexit really explains the hostile political environment if we see the other way around...sensible persons like Rajan are bound to be impeached by such political environment
All set for a big move up Tomo I reckon
You have made it out after a long time.
💥India's No.1 Home Job💥 🌟earn money without any investment 🌟multi level networking  🌟work daily 2 hours per day earn rs 500 to 1000rs daily 🔥life changing oppurtunity ✍type ""JOIN"" and send to my whatsapp no +918444867178
Laxmikant Jagabathuni Aeysha Mahmood Ashlyn Thampy ! Theresa Patel- won't make sense to you but you can still get a tag 😂😂 xx
any move for tame rupee depreciation is square one because its fundamental problem of every CAD deficit countries to financing its and its putting pressure on currency so in longer run its depreciate no one can stop it because its apply simple rule of economics that demand exceed supply price would goes up.
Dear it is not about religion beliefs . I am talking about technology.  anyways your Indian cinema have more Muslim popular artists in every department of film making process . I don't want discuss with u religion. You sounds novice person .  . After I read,visit   Hindu, jain , Buddhism , Shinto , shamanism so on so on beliefs .  Now my heart accepts to believe uncorrupted religion of Adam and Eve . World 🌎 is big .B a good learner. Silly comments spoils Mind and Soul
Sir what is the best buying price for moil for long teem
Tell 3 stock i can invest half of my salary for next 3 years
According to estimates, such cases might reach 3 lakh in the current year, in comparison to 2.09 lakh cases of power faults in 2015-16 and over 2.45 lakh in 2016-2017.
Sindhu and Sakshi deserve every bit of this appreciation, as where they stand today is due to their rigorous training and immense determination. Comparing their appreciation with the soldiers on the border is completely baseless.
Ppl whose translations are mostly in form for digital money won't have issue at all, since they are used to it...
His financial  knowledge is so poor. Doesn't congress have  a better educated oxford speaker ?
He is escaping from his phycal punishments for drinking blood &, flesh of several human beings. However he  must stand before the god to explain before Allah his god.
The government should invest on helpless athletes...then only we cn get more honour to India nd also medals too...
Dogs are pets unlike what you make of it Azam Kahn.
Modi ji should now very strict action against Pakistan this time.
Hope he will bring India n Pak closer. To settle all disputes .
Why would a PM leave his job for president  😃
Need to plan in advance on increasing capacity at airports in metros: Ajay Singh
Yes market is overvalued but then market can remain over or under valued for long....
Kangana never publicised herself as a victim. Rather she portrayed herself as a fighter... And da fact is movie industry is all running on family business.. yes to a point talent matters to impress audience however da amount of chances a filmy background actor gets is immense. I feel sad fr actor like Sonu sold, vidyut, so and so who becz of no filmy background don get due credit. Whereas others due to there family influence get easy ticket to industry and over hyped by media off course before getting launched.. newaz well done fr this lady not to b carried away with negativity. She gt every right to say wat c faced n wat is hapning if dat makes film makers feel guilty and scared .. end of day how much psycho she is addressed she is bringing home national awards.. 😁😀
💥India's No.1 Home Job💥 🌟earn money without any investment 🌟multi level networking  🌟work daily 2 hours per day earn rs 500 to 1000rs daily 🔥life changing oppurtunity ✍type ""JOIN"" and send to my whatsapp no +918444867178
Absolutely
Part time Online job without investment  Most important job for Facebook expert  Earn 10000-50000/-month OPEN PLAY STORE INSTALL CHAMP CASH SIGN UP REFFER ID: 10564106 INSTALL 7-8 APPS IN THE CHAMP CASH AND START ONLINE WORK AND MAKE YOUR BRIGHT FUTURE
Is jogi ji cm of UP take permission from governor to pass his order .
During Uri attack reporter of NDTV very tacitly dropped d link abt loopholes at Uri base expressing possibilities for thr success...  Btw we hv seen selective news on Kashmir ... No discussion on exodus of peace loving Pundits ... NDTV nvr asked a question ovr Kairana, Bangal & Malda.. Evn Award wapsi issue ws blown out of proportion...  I wish if could ask face to face question to representative of the NDTV
Stop doing propaganda against Pakistan , no body buy your story, you lost war in the Kashmir, stop killing your own peoples and blaming Pakistan , world have already know , whenever you think you losing Kashmir , you do drama , something like that.
He is Bill Gates :) He is the best :) Like our PM Modi :) The best :)
Hi
Pig and nothing else flop actress and sona is so boaring monkey
What's next target for reliance in the short term? What's a good time to enter
Frank Ezung in your dreams  First you used to say whole north east wants freedom  But now Manipur with 86% voting has selected BJP  Tripura will elect bjp Arunachal loves us Sikkim joinded us by referendum Meghalaya loves us  And many nagas love us  Those who study in Bihar and Delhi  And those who work in naga regiment
Imagine if all the usa gold medalists were here, india would have borrowed from world bank
For SAKSHI  MALIK ONE LAKH FROM 108 SANT BABA HARI SINGHJI NAIKI WALIAN VALONDITA JAWEGAON 13 MARCH 2017 NU
Tvs motor had ok margin still it went up anuj? Any reason
Please tell us your story how you become slave of Modi And BJP
Good.  Morning  a .b..p.  news  ... .super...i  like   this.. ..
Its a historical decision to change india to future by taking good decision to go to future or down
Dawood is finencing Terrorist groups in Pakistan and sending them to Kashmir valley to destebilise the government, if Dawood dies then who will finence that is one million dollar question. If China also stop finencing Terrorist groups in Pakistan then hopefully Pakistan will face tough time.
Nothing great to talk about it... mixed breed of FZ & NS & KTM
we all proud on u..
He doesn't seems to be analyst to me, he did well being a journalist and he should stick to it.
This is not going to be a very successful concept in the Indian market, to some extent it will get some hype, but in the long run 👎🏻...
Ujjivan for loooong term....I am holding since IPO want to buy more
Ears paining hearing would give befitting reply, stop rantings we want action!
What is the common thing between Kejriwal & Mishra - Allegations
Oh yeah cave civilisation can claim that .. after all u r their illegal creation 😉
The poll bound states of Punjab, Manipur and Goa will showcase their cultural heritage through Music, Dance and Theatre
TATA wants to get all benefits from Modi government like Ambanis and Adani
Please give your view Maruti... Impact of GST on this stock
Stop promoting Pakistani artists in India..
I appreciate your efforts to make him relevant again.
93000 against 3000 surrendered and east Pakistan converted to Bangladesh. Ha ha ha ha
Prefer pics in pharma for long term cipla dr reddy lupin or sun pharma..for long term
Wen goons ruled the administration it is wt every one cn expect to get nw thse incidents proving tht our country is becoming safr for cows rather than human life r womn modesty it's very pathetic painful nd intolerant reli wen government cn nt delivered thr promises thts wt they r best to indulge people in such stuffs proved current democracy of country of the cows for the cows
It's only statement..he is MCD since last 10 year
What  good  in gujarat  paper  last  day  all  gujju  and  big  business wala  was  knowing. .ki  5oo  and  1000  rs band  hona  wala  tha. ...
""Anil Kumble was one of those who boycotted Snapdeal instead of Snapchat.""
Yes, in some sports it is tougher. Hence, no one has got so far in running events.
Why all this hate? Eat wtf you want and get over it. Doesnt our preamble state that we are a secular nation? Where is the secularity now? Chill people.
Agreed Ravi...but we need to motivate & inspire our next generation for games & sports..... Our sports persons did a good job for our country. So don't get offended. 😌
Excellent Play by PV Sindhu aganist worlds number one player itself is inspiration  for all upcoming sports players, dosent matter how many  crores pouring
Online smart work part time , JOB WITHOUT INVESTMENT , NO REGISTRATION FEE , Monthly payment , No target , No age limit , Work from home , Don't miss this Golden opportunity , Limited vacancy available , Working 2 hours per day , For more information whats app us on +919084695747
Less noise in otherwise noisy Rajya Sabha as top leaders are accommodated there.
CNBC TV 18 Very Good News  Sir I am sell 1 lot VEDL @ 222.00 Do To Hold Ya Exit Stoploss
Jasmine Green...Do you have a reason why you stand by Palestine?
GST dual control will ruin all your work  It is a caution  The tax rate may Increase  5-7% Which at present you will not agree  But it will happen if proper checks & balance are kept   Col lamba
Jayalalitha was a great inspiration for all mordern day women while Cho is an inspiration for all the mordern day journalists and media reporters. We are really missing these two great icons. They are the policy and thought soul of Tamil people.
Senior citizens have 3l as exemption and mostly pensioner receives Rs.2.5 to 3l in general so they need not pay tax
Sir Assam boxihat cheq get to Dhubri Dist Bhaia to Borpeta NH Road two bai two Road hu ne ka joriri hi lekin jo p. W. D  hi Bohut problems hi
One thing about Tata nano,zeta,indica all has to come with new platform,new design not on same old platform old taxi cab indica..... design of Tata is problem not product.
Main solution 2 dis problem  Communicate wid locals  Local police support  N prepare proper network n maps of jungles
Thing to watch out for,  Is the reward just PROMISED? Or actually PRESENTED? That makes the difference.
But in.pune location wipro bpo use to hire people on 3rd party payrole and in f c road location those employees are treated as hell
What nonsense this..?
Any views on HCC? I have 3500 shares at an average price of 40/-
It is extremly out of limit of Sahashnuta of our govt.
FORD FIGO IS THE WALKING STICK FOR THE INDIAN ROADS .
Sounds interesting. Looking forward to the full interview on CNBC. Go Green!
yes thats the spirit
Good move by BJP ,Yogi AN will be doing better in UP
Yes.nice conversation.she is a very goos business conversation anchor with ample analytical knowledge figures @ fingers tips
Dear n Resp Sir , first of all I would like to congratulate your wide vision with an enthusiastic mission where every Indian feel the empowerment of 4 G Revolution which also shows that our nation is towards impressive growth n the revolutionary data development on  year to year , month on month , day by day every hour every minute every seconds, We feel proud to say a group ' Reliance ' behind building successive revolutionary India through their aggressive thoughts n productive solutions ..
Tamo will definitely Rock the car market and specially Racemo ........we r proud of you.
He's right. Kumar vishwas didn't favour anybody. It was general
If not...will you ask modi to step down? ..like you did to MMS..
All bjp supporters plz don't celebrate on this sweeping victory we lost our soldiers in Sukma plz
Very good and detailed event..Would like to attend a live seminar if it is happening in Delhi NCR.Thanks
Market seems to erase gain in late hours any comment
It wasn't a attack on anyone, it was a voice of 125crore Indians 😊 Jai Hind
Jio prime membership for current Jio customers & for those who join till March 31: Mukesh Ambani
Let him allow to work
Yes india needs time and favourable neighbour space bt why defence obssession of india is growing disproportionately all due to bjp govt need true leaders like mahatma gandhi to show the way
And your point is??
My assumption is there is breakdown and i feel we might see February levels. considering FII out flows and demonetization. What is your view?
No clear policy of Modi Govt towards Pakistan.....Modi has failed
8505050887#get_immediately_solution_for_your_all_problem_contact_now & whatsapp Vashikaran, love marriage, love problem, family problem, husband wife problem, business problem, child problem #solution_with_100% guarantee
Great wall cannot be the barrier for Great leader <--->Great leader knows how to use the chewing gum for climbing <----> For Great barrier Reef steve ballmer.
Views on housing finance companies.....which has better value....can fin homes, lic housing, dhfl or gic housing???
WE witnessed ""POORNIMA"" ...today in ""Benga luru.....A CLEAR BEAUTIFUL MOON
Starting of new generation of Data....Thanx for providing this to us sir....!!!
Pavan Vairagi this is what I was telling you about!
yeah sindhu you added the syllabus of the small children
Well.....change is happening......and it is not what he had hoped.
To be frank.. it's a waste of our taxes paid. It's ironic that there are people who are not able to feed themselves and instead of improving that condition with the taxes paid,its going into the vault. Humanity is more important than medals.
How you know ? Your ama is with him? 😂😂
Fake
Vary good sir  you are the one best develop in AP
sharing this post with frnds so that they can also enjoy the COMMENTS !
They are jealous of us as they don't have one.
Sonia Pls give your view on Tcs I am in short position in this script.??Should i exit??
#ENTERTAINMENT| Disha Patani is a perfect mix of oomph and beauty!
common anuj tell us where u feel the top of nifty will be till budget will it be 9300 9100 8900 or 9500
Which one should I buy now ?  Gruh / LIC Housing/ DHFL ?????
Sir.  U must be referring to box office record.  Hope you'll review his national awards achievement in last ten years in best actor category
They are saying you ki Jada lamba nahi karna   Very nicely covered the issue keeping time in view.
He is not right
How do you see the earning season and oli industry's
Don't think of other countries think of our nation take action against Pakistan and anti nationalist and their leaders b
superb hatsoff to Telugu Film industry. I was watching Telugu films from 2005. In engineering colleges of Maharashtra especially in boys Telugu films are very popular. I remember I watched style film of raghava during my graduation then I started watching telugu films. I am big fan of Prabhas and rajamauli sir.
Can u tell him to develop an effective voice to text transformation???
Sir 💐 flowers for you :) may you recover fast :)
Will a ""Sita"" be the new CM of house of Ram, re-build the state and status of current corrupt politics.   A ""Sita"" CM in Dehradun and Lucknow, both !   Humanity hope  #Himalaya !
If you are only interested in power then u will not get it
Very truely talking about arunachal.. we start our day with National anthem and end with it....and main land people still cal us Chinese... jai hind
No way close to bullet ... Bullet is the legend
Well no one is eating cow... Stop killing Muslims prob. Solved...stop harsing Muslims...
Oh plz whatever the motive of bringing this out it in the open; you fail miserably on that purpose. This is nothing but staged and  delibrate  I am not anti BJP, even I feel it was so unnecessary and unbelievable.  So many are struggling, suddenly bringing out demonetization does hint towards ulterior motive.  Demonetization is not bad at all, but should have been better implemented.
I love you bolo tu call me
Sandeep Bhardwaj What you miss out are the changes brought out in the original draft of GST for acceptance by all party. Congress was trying to shove it down the throats their draft proposal without discussion.
I appreciate your honesty and courage to speak truth
Don't compare the VAT of November and December of this year, Ask FM to compare it with VAT on Petrol that to of 2014 against 2016, Reality will revealed.
This debate not for us. Plz leave this on them. If they are going to investment in m.p....... This is very glad full talk to each and every civilian. I don't know why people find mistake if some one doing good start.
Nick
Cyrus is good chap , suddenly tata,s started feeling powerless. Cant be any other reason .shame tatas
Why the bank's didn't rally even after rate cut by rbi
Osm...
We are not a Christian nation. Please present evidence that we are so that I may sue the government.
add mj
No
Is this your picture in your profile ABP News? :O   Visit : MultiBot.Ga
Can't judge a bike without riding it. Good looks but bad ride are big put off.
magic bricks , ndtv poperties ....all this are bought by real estate and builders of this country ...who relish all the violations of floating the rules...all parties got the considerable share of profit .........real commodity that in stake
flyairfly.com  Launched on 12-12-12  Amazing Portal Related Travel & Tourism   http://www.facebook.com/pages/flyairflycom/496041350428366?fref=ts  LIKE it & Share It    Thanks!
BJP will form the Govt in UP, Uttarakhand, Manipur: Amit Shah
Holding TaMo @ 350. Is it good to hold for another 1 yr.
Hi anuj, View on delta?  Demonetisation over for the stock ?
Thought to short banks at high points but I didn't
Make your Service unconditionally better with more cheaper internet services for everyone..... so that a common users can use it more easily and regularly... Not specific groups of peoples...
Virali, who wanted to become a model and actor but lost her legs due to malaria in 2006, has recounted her ordeal while travelling in trains.
A dream is the sub of thought and ideas that pace at work within your sight , idea, surrounding and imagination, puzzle pilot projectors, after the thought and to mind random conversation.
Plss Sir improve the speed of jio and extend the jio welcome offer till june 2017either more.
Par 500 aur 1000 rs. ki value toh zero hai. ...it's called Raddi
Except for the police every one else can see it. If you want to see the Bus race come to Kolkata. I guess Mamata's ministry bets on it.
sugar stocks are off 10% from high >is dwarikesh; dalmiasug a buy?
I am not against BJP but now where is that people who were saying terrorist activities will reduced after Demonitisation? ? So please don't be on path of Congress...
People have their own opinion regarding opinion polls.
Bhai south Korea ko deko tab Pata lakai ka polici wrong hai
Billa was involved in Massacre of 7 civilians, Indian system of Justice took almost 20 years still no judgement was given even victim families protested for Justice.
What are your thoughts on hindoilexp ..is it a good buy at current price
AND REMOVES THE FAITH OF THE NAME  FRIENDSHIP  SHAMEFULL
Hii,  wgar will b tody petrol or disel price hik or declin
Shame on you ndtv for posting such a sexist piece! It's her Instagram and her choice! Is this the level you've stooped to doe your personal gain?
Mam.....wait for some time...you will see what it has actually acheived in a matter of only 6 months😊
But if course u can mistake my words for being that of a Mamata supporter.
Shameful BJP is going to push subcontinent in war as these hate mongers sometimes conduct surgical strikes and sometimes invade Pakistan in their dreams...  Here Pakistan Army shows responsibly and gives  a shut up call  professionally
olympics -already they have Brexit formula MEDAL LIST  ..its not new 75 crore population -europe , asia -450  crore
All the floating emojis changed to hearts and thumbs up..
We are proud of u Modiji we are all with u
Super
RIP
How much effect will it give to real estate market  in Mumbai
Why should BJP decide what should we eat and what not ?
Please give your idea about Banking sector as well as Icici
R u looking for a work… It’s a great opportunity to build future Location- chandigarh. 1000 vacncy in MNC . Male and female both can apply. Minimum quilfication B.E. , B.tech , MBA , BBA Monthly income scale-15200 - 35600 Cnt-7889074367 and whatsapp no 9041172649 (only intrested person call or msg)
🐻 Bot👽 Powered💘 By😞 Wajid🐩 Punjabi🍂 Mehar  🏨 See My Bot Speed 😽 ABP News ♥ c h α υ δ h r ψ s 🌹 β ο τ τ ε r ♥ 🏢 Tuesday : 2 - May - 2017 🏨  Like Back♥ ABP News 🏥 comment Late  23 detik :)  🏪  Auto Comment By    Wajid Punjabi Mehar  🏯 🔎 Baby-Bot.tk 💡
Ajay Goyal can you name 3 star hotel priced at 900 rs.
Facebook has major plans for the human brain.
If sectorial impact (referring to TCS results) would show up at the board level, TCS is the main culprit, for, they failed in value creation😡
Guys please keep a watch on Srikalahasti  Kesoram industries  and Cosmo films apart from Inox wind !!😤
could you please help me to know abot Pricol ,lot of recomandation came before inculding from CNBC but not yet relisted
Part time online job without investment  Most important job for Facebook expert  Earn 15000-25000/-month  Open play store  Install champcash mony free app Sign up with champcash  Refer id-12935304 Install 7-8 apps in the champcash and start online work
Just Dial rallied in the end ..wht waz the reason
show us the proof ,that u have not did it . (A pakistani way of responding )
Gr8 Respect Ma'am.
This Govt is also like others on this issue. We expect a tuff action from this Govt. We have voted the Govt. For a tuff action
Arshia Ilahi minister and chachas are not soldiers, we should support our army
the only bjp leader who is worth our respect..... you owe my respect mam
If Modi was PM these things would not have happened.
Wait it has not began yet...and already 7 barbarians are dead across the border.
Ya..  It will❤ am waiting fr dat moment👫 Anand Shrivastav💃
cnbc tv 18 you are been awarded with coffee mug for bringing this news
Did you know 8 lakhs+ people where protesting in marina. #justiceforjallikattu #savejallikattu #banpeta...
Pakistani nation more better life than indian . Everey hour one farmer comited sucide ?
The gap between back seat and wheel is disturbing. Must be covered with plastic flaps.
She is trying to prove so much more about her fame  abroad that she is overdoing things, this is one of those...more on the floor,definitely a bad choice.But yes she must have put 100% effort to present herself the best applause for that..!!
I think all idecat same time between  26 day markets  is going  on very lows
so this nice sir from Bengal indulges in sarcasm and you people attack him racially?   he didn't attack kerala he attacked CPI M
Samsung Mobile has made some big changes in the Galaxy S8
I'm from TCS and feel very unhappy to hear single digit hike this year 😞
After SP  now media is trying the  same with AAP .
Now Pakistan should understand what will happen in future... Pakistan should learn from India ..what Nehru did with China in early 1950s.....
What about other banks ! And total all together !! Weekly ! And final on 30-December-2016 !!
a) Karan neither has a niece nor a nephew who is a part of his company. Even aunts/uncles for that matter. And as a matter of fact, he has nurtured the likes of Nikhil Advani who did not belong to a filmy family. His crew has a lot of first generation professionals too. Shahrukh, Preity Zinta, Sidharth, Anushka, Fawad Khan, to name a few have featured in his movies in prominent roles. So the argument of nepotism is weak in my view.  b) What you also need to understand. Karan runs a production house and the nature of work/hierarchy is very different than that of the usual corporates.  c) Karan invests money into a film and as the creative head of his company, he has every right to cast whosoever he feels fits the bill and can contribute to the success of his film/attract audience. And like someone rightly pointed out, it is talent that will sustain at the end and if his choice of cast fails to impress the audience, it is his loss and as a businessman in the movies, he is smart enough to understand that dynamic. d) Lastly, he has never shied away from praising the outsiders' work. In fact he also has no qualms in admitting that he is incapable of making certain kind of films that he thinks are brilliant and made by outsiders. His friendship with Anurag Kashyap is very strong and Kashyap has admitted how wrong a perception he had had about him just like many others until he came to know him.
she is so cute ! .. i might lose all my capital watching her !
Yes We should start multi lateral Dialogue for Kurdistan.Kurds are oppressed in Eastern Turkey. They have legitimate claim on the Kurdistan lands.
We have to only do one think about addani bessiness
RIL earned USD 10.8 on turning every barrel of crude oil into fuel as compared to a gross refining margin of USD 11.5 in third quarter of 2015-16 fiscal.
Vijay Kumar Reddy Brother also Manipur..
Digvijay Singh will get MP PCC Chief Post very soon
Mr. Jacob must have never dreamed BJP will win in UP. Haha
Vinita Nair
The Govt is very receptive to the ideas of the Chief Economic Adviser: CEA
AFTER THE KILLINGS OF THOUSANDS OF INNOCENT MUSLIMS 1991BABREE MASJID DESTRUCTION BY HINDU TERROR WHP SHEO SINA BAJRANG DAWOOD GAVE REPLY BY BOMBAY BLAST HE IS ALL TIMES HERO OF INDIAN MUSLIMS.
Stop this idiotic comparison..Indian express dont you ll have better and more important news to share!!!!!!!
Thanks sir for the clear explanation between sun and glenmark pharma, also view on century tex & sector which is good to enter on dips ?
Simple, go to kannur in Kerala and win an election, the commies (antham kammies) will elect you ... Do sooner or else the new gen will swing towards saner options
Nobody replaced Rajan's place,  This is a internal game of cheap politics.
Very well said...
very good
I have received 125000 this year from my NRI son from Paris  , how I calculate
Abhinav Bindra was asked if there is a collective place where budding shooters can learn the trade, to which he responded in the negative.
Islamic State group claimed the attack through its propaganda agency Amaq.
Keep it up Mr. Salve.We are proud of you.
Watch out for Lakshmi vilas bank n delta Corp timorrow
no tricks please ...pass the regular quality check please ...
A fight was broke up between the Indian soldiers and 2 soldiers were killed by their fellows at Indian check post.
Like and Share This Page... If You are Proud To Be AN INDIAN ... ॐ . ੴ . اللّٰه . † http://m.facebook.com/SardarBhagatSinghKrantikariDal?refid=5
Your message won my heart
Muzamil hassan yes securties is the demat and trade product of YES BANK
Cool leftist saying so then it must be true.. Laal salam
and first of all ..it doesn't suit a finance minister of such a big size giving statement openly in public in a award function rather then having a press conference and doing it ina cordially manner
Sakshi Malik total Ammount is Rs. 5.66 cr. Not Rs. 4.66 cr. CNBC Tv18 Mathematics is very week
Thoughts on Adlabs? Fundamentals, now that RJ entry brouhaha has petered down?
Excuse me Hope Ur investment in Ola India and Snap deal remains safe.
You r great sir ,there is no comparison of yours with others
Wow
leaders never avoid new ideas , they avoid only people do not allow new idea to flourish-john you are one among them
Spend on providing better facilities in developing better sports personalities! More Gold, silver and bronze!
Agreed.well done kangana
Nahi Bhai ye bhi Congress ki tarike logo ka paisa loot rahi thi jio aane ke pahale isake pack to pata hi hoga
U taught me there is no thanks giving in friendship. :(
Why isn't the government relaxing duties on electric cars, also why isn't there new nuclear power plants?
What's the use when the Quality of Service is poor than that of 2G!!!!!
gentle.they were.
haha, analysis cant predict right abt policy, even some were talking about 50bps cut
How will government generate the lost jobs . How will they cover the losses in corers perday which is 100times more than the black money.
I think better buying opportunities will come up in December 2016
is it necessary to compare every time.....boss... sportsperson have a very small professional life.....
Hahaha, bro it's not me who told this ?It's ISPR
After 14 sessions it's budget day ! Will  market have prebudget rally and nifty to 8500 plus
There is no fixed rate for toll booths in the national highways, there is a big difference in the charges when compared with other toll booths on the same stretch, I am referring to chennai - Bangalore highway.
Really?  Name isnt important?...how would u tell people the name of the bike? When they ask u?
Thank you very much sir !!! You are always rock
Check inbox!!
good initiative
Close accounts where charges are high...Keep only single account that too in a freindly bank
Mr.rajan....ur speech is inspirational but how practical is it in relevance to saying that youth who are entrepreneurs need not leave india n go abroad for opportunities...I sincerely doubt....but ofcourse optimistic
Till date opening a new branch is too much lengthy process.....how to overcome it??
Jaguar launches a tesla competition your view on this Sonia?
what from  Reddy Apollo Space Station with Nasa collabration -doing a space walk ,cheers to jayashhree--beer campaign started
Net profit in Rupees Crore and Revenue in million dollars. You guys are doing a great job!
Hi Can We expect Short Covering During Expiry in Mid Caps in Steel & NBFC.
View on company which are about to get arbitration amount like HCC
GTL id breaking UC each day, any reviews in that?
Hats off to youll cnbc tv team The reason.behind giving depth reason an how to.invest
We are with army .
Good going girl.. you should give Bjp a chance to serve your state at least for once. UP needs immediate change in its government... and Bjp is a good choice !!
There are farmers on Jantar Mantar, veterans are on March too, there are people doing country proud and there are people struggling and THIS is newsworthy? Ugh!
BJP lawmaker Neelam Langeh even staged a walkout, saying that a boy’s body could not be driven to his home in Ramban due to closure of the Jammu-Srinagar highway.
Sensex, Nifty, Midcap rally ahead of macro data. Nigel Neil D'Souza with all the market highlights of this hour.
Nidhi Madia Meet Goklani Jinal Mehta
Erdogan's visit cost two Indian soldiers life only to blame  Pakistan and convince Turkey president against Pakistan...
Could you pls tell about sun pharma and lupin pharma
People of andhra  thinking you people are ignoring rural areas while developing urban
Go MP go..... proud of u NaMo and Shivraj sir
Kashmir should be saprate from india and should merge in pakistan then there will no probleem on indian border ...other wise pAk hind friendship is impossible....
Who to cast in a movie is Karan's prerogative, like it or not. If he feels he only wants to have big stars in his films, it is his choice and rightfully so. And if he chooses to launch star kids, again, it is up to him. One cannot raise objections with that, unless, he is discouraging the entire film fraternity from casting ""outsiders"". That would have been a problem.
Beginning should lead to logical conclusion of fraud committed by Mallaya.
What kind of media is this!!first they make headlines of indian soldiers being killed by rocket launchers n now about mutilating their dead bodies....this can happen only if Pak army crosses LOC....btw it looks like a #RealSurgicalStrike with evidences on indian media
royal enfield is not indian company at first and Bajaj is, everyone have trust on Bajaj pulsar whay not this one
Better network can only make jio emerge into a next level:)
Karnataka both seats are won by Congress . Rahul ji please don't allege EVM ....
If doctors write generic name of the drug, they can't involve in 'commitment to pharma companies', which is lose business to doctors.
Good talk of Mahtma by politician & babus  Focus on good things as on date as  Time is dynamic & taste + living style changes  Those who are static on MG will be static & stale water sinks   Keep changing targets & means become dynamic for future  Col lamba
Where were u in the past when  current ruler were in opposition and worst language was used against.
Appointment of a director can be in board meeting but cannot be by board of directors as per companies act
When will you start doing accountability of CEA .. You owe to nation  Nation has trusted you for this job  Col lamba
We don't build anything ,honestly -ruling a  fairy dust of demolished emperor is not a victory -cnbc tv 18 post this comment to  --->no 10 downing street ,london ,u.k---> affix proper postage sta
Data security and data analysis will be of greater challenge
Rubbish movie
Atleast yogi doing work not like azam khan n akhilesh helping rich people to loot n expolit !!
Visit This New Bot Site With Reactions ;)  NDTV  ! 🚩 Powered By  Sp Sumit   🚬Parsonal-Bot,Tk | Chaudhry Bot Team | Chaudhry Ahsan ♻
Ha ha ,he is already BJP
She became the role model of the forthcoming race... After acquired prestigious noble prize in girls...
i have 400 share BOB @RS.163 ( what about BOB hold or sell )
RIP Indian Express!!
Because of the Indian inflation it is tough to stick with just 100 rupees denomination.. like I said before Indian rupee value should be increased only then lesser denomination works..
Any views on HCC? I have 3500 shares at an average price of 40/-
He makes up these numbers !
Hurraahhh ! ... new plants nursery has been opened in New Bypass Road, Mahipalpur, Near Vasant Kunj E2 Block, New Delhi. For more details visit at our website www.gogreennature.in or call at +91-7838588272. Go and Grab your best plants from us. GO GREEN NATURE www.gogreennature.in
really he is good person . he can be fruitful . so indian should not miss the chance
Why govt. is launching new notes than making policy to do electronic transaction only if transaction amount will be above than Rs. 10000. Now we have capacity to go with cash less. Govt. is telling big notes are causing and big reason of black money and same time launching even bigger notes so both statements are contradicting itself. It will be better if they just block big notes and just issues more small notes of Rs 1-100 for small transactions. Controlling blacking money with such poor steps, never work until take full well planned policy. The one who have black money in banks, anyway will get new notes so nothing will change for them.
Great movies heads up to the director, actor and all the cast and crew
Next time when you buy these stuff,think about your family's suffering after you.
Now IT & Pharma participating can we see nifty 9000
Hlo everyone plz like and comment and subscribe my song luk luk ronda https://youtu.be/VOdq0Yhux7M
Sonia latha surbhi ekta kritika shereen very nice thought indeed
posts like this are why  I like   facebook
Rightly said dude
I am wd kangana...she is witty nd says right things
SURE 2030 INDIA will be a SUPER POWER Nation in the World, Corruption and Bribes will disappear
The govt.s are the main obstacle to achieve more MEDAL
Will some one tell here that if it was through mortar fire or gun fire from accross the boarder or LOC....how come the bodies were mutilated????? They were hit from a distance ...right... or Indian Army is accepting the fact that Pak army cross the LOC and killed their soldier...??? Question is it means that it was a real surgical strick from Pak ... and it has been happening continueosly for quit some time ...how could you cant protact yiurself ...?????? Pathetic Army #Rapendian Army
Some more homework was required before execution of this bold decision :- like a ) Govt. would have circulated currency notes in rural as well as semi rural areas .
Why bcci not given anything. Even football federation of India given.
The cost of living index of the Economist Intelligence Unit (EIU) has described Singapore as the most expensive city in the world followed by Hong Kong and Zurich.Delhi's number is 127 in the list ,Mumbai and Chennai are in 127th number and Banglore's number is 131.
We like to buy Indian product... But don't compromise with the product quality.... Bajaj product are not good quality like RE...
How is HP Electric power ipo ..Will it give good return
400 lakh crore in swiss banks and world gdp is 78 trillion $ and our country temples treasure is more than 78 trillion $ So why hunger in india if you a true indian send to 10 people and stop corruption and hunger of this nation please
Sushil Karra that is what we have to think. Our politician knows that people of India will forget everything when the religious thing come in ther mind.
Yes it is 98% verses 2%.....lolll
What is happening to MRF?Why so much rise in the price ?Any news of selling by promoter
Retards will always love retards and Indians are not fools
In one of the most significant steps by a British leader since World War Two, May notified EU Council President Donald Tusk in a hand-delivered letter that Britain would quit the club it joined in 1973.
Taillight copy of ducati lights copy of another bike engine copy of ktm stance copy of ninja 650 wtf😂
New currency notes are coming in large number, but normal people not getting it.. For example we can see  current news, people again started to stock new notes.. But the question is how they are getting it in bulk☺
""Punjan"" polls? Really? Forget editors, even MS word would suffice. Browser dictionaries pick that up!
Hi, any reason on Axis bank rally which turns bank nifty on
This man is awesome expressed condolences towards the death of jawans n even went a step ahead  offered financial assistance too such a generous gesture can't find one with this attitude...
These are the best ruler in the indan histary ever ruled?
NBCC has a very good order book but will that over a period time keep translating in to higher stock value .    ut
do not ask question ,to water melon , just cut and eat ....musk melon-elon musk
How can someone produce bills for gold received from our ancestors
We condemn the barbaric mutilation of our Jawans by Pakistan.
Anuj and Sonia please give your views on Nbcc and lnt fin
Royal Enfield is famous for its Thump. No silencer can match except oldies like BSA or NORTON.
next time u figure out that u are good in some sports .. change ur domicile to Telangana :D
Please Tell me Multibageer IDEA Names For Long Term Good Mangement
Is it good time to accumulate at 8650-8750 levels ?
In today's world it's called creativity.
Wht about advenzymes as yesterday I had bought 200 share at the rate of 1650
Plz don't open ur trading account with samco.. Thay r unreasonable with their services. .
Perhaps it is not a coincidence that three of the largest and best run banks are being headed by women!
Buy gold/gold mining stocks that's the only way to financially benefit from this event. I have already put in my order 🙏🏼 I already bought MMTC. Gold will rally to $1500 on back of Trump election
Nice pic
Who else don't have hawala? All parties having hawala
Part time online job without investment  Most important job for Facebook expert  Earn 15000-25000/-month  Open play store  Install champcash mony free app Sign up with champcash  Refer id-12935304 Install 7-8 apps in the champcash and start online work
Forget I rocket - I absolutely love youu megha vishwanath 😍😍😍😍😍
I don't have time to be nice to ones I don't like... I just like to confront them...keep hitting them until they get it...
It was whole scripted drama from the beginning..Some surprised move by appointment of Manoj Sinha earlier but that was just for showoff
PURCHASED IDFC CE60 @0.45 and IDFC BANK CE65 @0.8, HOLD or SELL?
For earn money with ur android phone...Download chamcash app from play store and Register it. You can earn money upto 25000/month. So,After register enter the 5488155 as your sponser id, you are done....Best Of Luck....⁠⁠⁠⁠
Love you Sikhs #proudofthecountry
Amrita Sen is a Nobel Prize Holder. There must be some elements in his arguments...
Interestingly, more people are interested in abusing NDTV for reporting this incident (not to mention the fact that others are reporting about this incident too) and blame Congress which is not in power to avoid any reference to BJP which is power in both the state and centre. That's called deflecting the attention. BJP is actively inciting violence in the name of #Goumata. So much so that they have made cows feel safer than everybody else. An yes this is 21st century. (and I know the #Bhakts will come back with Jehadi Mamata, poor West Bengal etc. coz propaganda does'nt require data, it requires gullible minds)
How the hePakistani soldier mutilates an Indian BSF jawan? By entering in to loc? Don't make fool of your nation. Drama bazi.
🙀 🌞☕ 👾 вoт😁 powered👂 вy💝 Waqar💝 Sani    😉  ❤  AHAAN NAVEED PATHAAN KE FAN HO PHR TO AP KI POST  ACHI HE HO GIII   😍   ║🌹║🔰 POWERED BY  ║   Naveed Pathaan    ║🌹║
we need to give strong reply .... they need not forget that.......
Indian government concentrates more on cow protection but not the protection of the people
If people suffer much for short period imagine what will happen if india is on war with neighbours how and what will you do ??? Answer that
Tapan plz vote for congress always😜😂✋✋
I guess so far around 6 to 7 lakh crore came into banking channel.
But the big fish did not keep the black money in cash rathet they had purchased gold or majority of them ventured into real estate. Demonetisation has just made ordinary citizens of India suffer. No rich people or any politician or a beaurocrat ever seen in bank lines since 8th november. A gud dicision but poorly implemented
I think aap is under good and able leadership, they don't need any kind of advice or support from this old man.
My experience is  that many promoters indulge in financial and related mismanagement resulting in the Company not able to service loans. Personal contacts rather than Strong Balance Sheet  and business prospects were basics of granting loans.
throw the crushed paper int he basket -please -clean india movement
Clearly made his statement.. Its high time to rise above self and take actions
House of cards...the people will have a say very soon
Don't follow Indian times
If everyone know this, then y Mr. Modi is not urging UN security to give Dawood's custody to India. Even he is not trying, I know this is difficult, but India can try. 🤔
Truly a noble effort and a mesmerising art performance from these children
After 31 march GDP will grow by 7% approximately...... It means that market will give same return.... .
India must eat beef....its taste better than chicken....it is good.  Guys pls try
People are ordering, but site is down ! how ! Trick found,  probably lightweight alternate developer site is http://www.track-freedom251-online-booking.in  ???
roadshitters radians........ are allowed to reply in cmnt...... 1.....2.......3 bark!
Better not him. We tax payers are limited ones and taken for granted. The politics should become transparent do that we can survive. Never ever the food products are so expensive.
As always..this is good and the people with black money are impacted and creating choas and just including common man for this.
IPL 2017: KKR score 131 against RCB
He is a great guy but you guys are ruining india 🇮🇳
Will be important to see the fight of two tigers ....well a great opportunity for learning for politicians and bureaucrats from how story unfolds
He is the only reason why even people are watching this online 😜
🌻 😻 🐑 👵 <3💐 KING💜 BOT😪 TEAM🐰 Abid🎐 Shah🍺 <3🐷 👮    🎵Indian Express   😘♪ KING-REACT,CF ♪😘
It will be very good if they get all these in time... Usually in our system it does not... They really deserve these...
Jai Sri ram.. Har har modi.. Har har mahadev... Modi ji is a greatest prime minister in the world.... Modi modi modi
Poor Girl.. i been to places.. that's why i'm asking you.. i doubt you ever came out of your shell..
Wonderful that a man bybirth he is unable to see inspite of all difficulty he become the example of the society hatsoff his carrier
Interestingly, this was for the first time that the BJP came up with an anti-beef policy in the state.
Hi anuj even i am a manchester united fan like yours
Kkr win
Person speaking is taking off job of so many people just by twisting Govt policy. Not fair Business man
Its such a shame we Indians can't give respect to anyone... Though I'm not a big fan of amitabh bachchan still atleast an elderly person deserves some respect.
Vijith Shetty waah
Hello both of u..! Good to see u both together..??
we kill you kill and that will continue, we people after this will start fighting here that whose army is stronger and powerful and then what? wait for another same incident?   people, this viscious cycle needs to be ended now. we both countries have mutual interests in each other we cannot live at the fear of our neighbour. this is a failure of our democratic forces, and limited vission they have. let change this through public voice that india and pakistan wanted to live friendly whatever we are no doubt we are children of same divided lands but let us not poison our feelings towards each other. remember, only mutilated and humilated have seen the dangers of war!  let peace prevailed!
Proof is Dre dats y m.sayng it as truth
Find another story not interested in your ambush reporting of tata episode
Guys, I do not have anything against these athletes. Whatever they are receiving they deserve it.....I wanted to highlight the issue's so that govt n media pay attention to our martyrs too and make sure they also get the deserved rewards.....for thr sacrifices!!!
I love both beef and pork
Hi Anuj & Soniya, your long term view in JAMNA Auto & Sadbhav Engineering pls
Hello Friends, 🙌🙌🙌 Are you willing to start with a your own business...??? 😃  Are you looking a Part Time Job..?? ☺ Must Watch This Video 👍👍👍  http://youtu.be/ypOrvafOSQU
A page of laughter and web updates for IT professionals and tech savvy people. http://www.facebook.com/TajComputers
Paji beef not only cow...it is buffalo too
New entrants in banking sector not changing business fundamentally: Aditya Puri
They scored the market Bcuz of the Kawasaki and ktm partnership
There is more rhetoric tha facts and analyses in what this gentleman says.  For example, he speaks of India of a thousand years ago when he refers to Gandhara and so on as integral parts of India. It amounts to mere mumbo jumbo when one speaks in that style because there is no precise way in which you can direct your efforts. That is the problem with the so called ultra-nationalists: they appeal to emotions and not reason.
If we go through the indian political history Anna is just miniature of Mahatma Gandhi & Jay Praksh Narayan..
@ravishankar prasad-No Pain no gain...They did pour in  a lot of sweat and effort to earn that money..Our politicians steal 100's of crores from the general public but nobody will talk about dying soldiers when this happens. We should be proud of what these 2 ladies have achieved and support/encourage sports. Your comment about soldiers in this respect was not in good taste!
can you give their name and date place?can you give fir copy pistmartum report we will fight for those hindus killed.
Now digvijay singh is free to another one marry..?keep it up diggi maharaj....?
It could be a surgical kind of thing from pakistan.
I hope this man will take some strict orders for our country.....
Yet another googly has been bowled by modi ji, one thing is sure you never know about the moves when modi ji is around.
Us britain germany n other ... Had more polution then us.....when they were in our stage in initial stage of growth...... ...
He works hard , he never gone holiday for his personal rest
When the theater is almost house full and u wanna watch bahubali 2 :p
'6 (SIX)' DAYS TO GO --- GoI should be ready with DEMONETISATION REPORT CARD✔
Now Rabri is ready to join RSS
Pak is a good country... and Sun rises in the west ... is the same
They continue to !
So much manufacturing, please ask what will happen to condition of environment in India. What about global warming. Delhi already has most polluted air!!!
This credit goes to not only Telugu film industry , it goes to the Nation
Hi...  Thanks for starting such a great season....  Could you please tell me what to do with idea cellular Anuj and Soniya??
Worth listening as it adds up to our knowledge of  demonetisation effects on our economy.
In another news Muslim boy from Kerela ,who joined ISIS killed in Syria
When interest rates are historically low in all these countries demand is this dismal imagine what will happen when interest rates going to reverse ...
about quote fits to all states on inadequate knowledge on GST ..central-- over and above knowledge on GST -aristotle a real turtle
Have to else all the 19-0, No.1 tag will be for nothing!!!
Gandhi Killer Ram (Nathu) Temple in India......  Big Shame 4 India........
Any bike more than 125 cc is just not required on indian roads
What about look east policy... Deepa karmakar also deserve some hard cash.. Doesn't she?
Anyways, these 2 girls made us proud and they truly deserve whatever they received so far or will receive in future.........
Thanks a lot Sonia.......and another thing is i am long in sunpharma whats ur view?
May  be
He has said it straight forward in the favour of country , not pointing any individual.
Sonia Ji which auto ancillary stock is looking good now to you from 3-5yrs view and also tell their EPS growth estimamte.(I m alrdy long on BHARATFORGE)!
People who r commenting negative about her dress please go and look at yourself first.. no matter what you can never reach her level. She is one of the most talented person who is kicking it even in Hollywood. Let's all support our girl.. haters go and and get a bigger mirror to look at yourselves
It is obvious, no sane person/ country would be willing to buy/import terrorism d only internationally known product Pak produces
Modi Sir. u are simply great. u are the imitation of the Great Sir Sardar Valpbi  Patel. my wife is without a hose can u help her.  i think u are a god for all girls in India. All the best. I hope this type of Scientific festivals
Stale news
very good ...
Chandra babu Naidu    tha great ledar....  Political legend.....
Wow. 😍 What a movie,  what a making...!!! 😮  Hats off to you sir Rajamouli!  I've got no words to explain my feeling after watching this movie.
Also if there Tata Motors is looking to make a move? As its been a lagard as yet
Haha there's a billion people in this country and many of them keep cash at home for various needs. A few tens of thousands sometimes more. Perfectly legal. Now that cash has been forcefully made illegal. So got them deposited by say millions. It's technically not much per capita. What is legally your to do what ever you wanted to has been illegally taken by the Govt and put in banks.. That is what is illegal.
Hii sonia & Anuj IT index smartly move today what view IT stock infy & Tcs
Sir, Kindly help with your views on MFIs specially Ujjivan and Satin Credit, everyones going negative on it..
Jio data service is far better than idea airtel etc etc
completed the interview ....how is the candidate .....old or current news
Dailoguebaaz of the year wat a stupid reasoning for bhookamp ha even Einstein would be having shivers in his grave 😀😀😀😀😀
To join or not to join any party is individual prerogative.
Sunil hitech is a wonderful stock at cmp of sub 12 rs
Elon Musk has confirmed: Tesla is coming to India.
How much did they give gopi, no news on that
krithika saxeena refer my earlier comment ....pass this to jayant sinha ...red card .
Who knows somebody involved there too...Demonetization has back fired very badly...
Hi anuj.....manufacturing companies taking any breath in the market.....there's not much bounce since long time.....
If every body who want to buy Royal Enfield apply same logic then its share will cost you penny :P
Zahid - whatever u r. Learn English before posting. However I wounded whether u people have any tutorials there or 🤔.
can 2017 a bad year for equities because of politics  around the world is getting worse?
Since 10year BJP was in MCD. And 3 years under modi. Tell me plz single reason why u will still wish to vote BJP for mcd
RSS is secular and nationalist, it unites Hindus and builds a sense of patriotism, without decrying other religions.
WHAT HAPPENED IN CENTRAL GOVERNMENT PLANNING  MUST BE FIGHTING AGAINST URGENT
Create jobs. Unemployment is the root cause of every evil.
Poverty and Corruption are causes of maoist eruption. First free politics from corruption, economy will grow and poverty will be reduced.
Well..this is called #Surgical_strike..actually Pak-Army infilltrated to teach you guyz that how a real surgical strike is launched.but feeling sorry for the waste of lives !!
Pls don't go to vote! That being based on choice of your party alone!!!
Bjp big win in UP and form govt and also uttarkhand
Mr.Azam khan should recall his statements first .
Pak Army intruded into Indian terrirtory, killed indian soldiers, had some laugh cup of tea with biscuits, mutilated their bodies and went back to their barracks, now tell me while this all rubbish was happening what were indian border forces doing watching mia khalifa and sunny leone?
when someone takes yogi seriously,he shouldn't have a problem with Shirish at oll !
125 crore won't  be much of a squeeze i guess!!
Look Where a Stupid Decision has taken us. Stop justifying it. Its a crack down on our economy, With no benefit at all.
Government did not ask.Big Bazaar to do it..They are doing it...any organization for that matter can do it..- Swipe the card and get the cash..
Awesome move by Govt....  :-) modiji.. U r just awesome in find new awesome moves.. U r just wow sir.. <3
SBI accounts for about 25% of all transactions in India, so about 4.6 lakh crores are deposited in a week. Out of a total of 16 lakh crores. So, all deposits should be completed by December first week or second.
Who is he
If solar power can be used in Calculators ? why not to use it for Street Lights in villages?
Dr. Raghu Ram Rajan was defenitely an intellectual and genius. That is the reason he became Indias RBI governor. But when it comes to performance, I think, he could not deliver what India expected of him. He took charge as RBI givernor when India was on a take off line. But the governor failed to press the accelerator . I think he was rather keeping his feet on the brake.  All genius are negatively oriented.
Thank you Sir for all that you have done in just 3 years
yes......law only for poor man...........
The time for a ""dialogue"" or ""diplomatic response"" is long over...without any of these resulting in any desirable solution. Don't we see that?
sir vijayan yu r absolutely correct
1 rupee lawyer #Harish_Salve great💪
No one in trouble, we see ground reports everywhere good opinion about Demonetisation,
I totally endorse the appointment of Yogi Adityanath as CM. Hindus have suffered a lot during last fifteen years in UP during the ruling of Maulana Mulayalam and his Muslim friends. I am sure all the Hindus will celebrate today. HAR HAR MAHADEV.
demonitisation is the great economic reform ...if it  is not a virtual relaity that is done by media in few  tier 1 ,2,3cities
Its gud to applaud .. just think once  u can spent this much on only 1or 2 medalist after winning ... but if u will spent this much aggregate amount the welfare of sports ... u can b able to produce atleast 50 more medalist .... change ur view ... things will change automatically ...
What is the price going to be any ideas ?
Please comment on whether IT stocks are a good buy at this stage
India needs to change the policies.  From defensive policy to offensive as well as defensive policy now. It's right time to act as we are already too late.
over draft facility is available in mobile banking, specially for subsidy demand.
Development will happen now, after India gets united against divisive forces whom all the other parties are fanning and fomenting. Those who are blind to their history are forced to repeat it. It is good to have an awakened India.
Then what about bhopal encounter. .... they were also  accused.  Double standards.  Shame.
Expect investments of over Rs 50,000 cr in logistics: Nitin Gadkari
But Vijayan is opposing idea of Gandhism
When  she  dont  want  to left  any cloth to her tailor
I took an oath to stop drinking #COKE & #PEPSI #justiceforjallikattu #savejallikattu #banpeta
#ExpressFrontPage Allege ‘dignity’ hurt; Shanmuganathan denies reports of sexual harassment.
Growth has indeed been fast, shall even be faster. However, with this large internet environment Indian economy may be targeted even by state sponsored cyber terrorists with 'e-biological' tools to flatten large swaths of business and economy. Remember, even the uber secure Pentagon is not immune. Hope and work for the best, but prepare for the worst.
I have 100 cairn and 100 vedanta so what is effect of merger on future of this shares
hold ur position but its not going more than 830-835.... in march series
Arey Hyderabad is the fifth most dynamic place in the world
Great income 100000000000000000 Cr. and fine only 10 cr. what is drama
Gagan Airport Navigation System has helped manage airspace: Jayant Sinha
random choice of making news in saturday ...come on wake up cnbc tv 18
Saumya Jain Poonam Narang
He is a great director......in india
Happy Women's Day Kangana....
May she can achive moksha... and bless all who left in this world
Well said Ahmed Razeen. Appreciated.
Amma will remain in our hearts for ever. RIP Amma
Boycott Chinese Products for sure but never boycott the Chinese Machineries which can produce cheapest possible products...
#ENTERTAINMENT | #BadrinathKiDulhania trailer starring Varun Dhawan and #AliaBhatt is getting a lot of love!
Very correct
Baahubali 2 reviews #####                india today     4/5                                  time's of India 4/5                                     Hindustan times 4/5                                                   but you    (indian express) -2/5                     you are not able to give good reviews  but  makes articles on baahubali 2 (indian epic)  .
If only this money was utilised in building more athelete who can multiple the medal tally and bring nation to a respectful position on the table .
When u don't have job that time kapil was there to help u. Now u got some n ur head gone up. And now u r comparing urself with Kapil. This is bad Mr. Sunil. Be a part of this show. N u know there are some compitetor who never want that u come back. May be today is ur day. May be tomorrow is kapil.So sit togather n finish all comflict. Aa u all r our besties.
So, does this mean the dog got married too?
Can Arab countries declare Hebrew as there national language??? If not than why should Israel 🇮🇱 have Arabic as there national language
Atleast in my place I have only seen the kalas(oxe) from Tamil Nadu got slaughtered !
No matter of time. This is going to have a long term effects.
We r ready to more success n more chalenges Congrats to all of u
Have only one question...Anna ji.. kejriwal is bad / worse but what about your lokpal bill,ask pm Saab to clear or present in Parliament.
Mistry was trying to wrest control of Tata Group companies: Tata Counsel
Jikku Abraham History says Adolf hitler and Benito Mussolini was not corrupted politician ever. But they were cruel. Sir, India will turning in to Taliban soon if people of a india will not think beyond religion.
How can we even talk about unity in the country when the so called patriots can't look past a persons religion
He belongs to rss family! Ghar wapsi
but you are going tom lose the series this time if you are not bringing karun Nair.
She will win
Trumph is right we indians tv channels shows how indian has been killed in US but if an army javan dies we never get to see
Hahaha nice joke Iyre sir..
Senseless animal cruelty under the garb of tradition.
Anyone who think EVM is tampered please don't caste there vote what more can we say, in our colony people are so obsessed of this so called AAP that our mla from AAP was asked not to come in our colony for campaign so all you AAP lovers I want say what is thinking of a common man from delhi
Unfortunate!
2017 Election Results & Its Meaning Through 2014, not 2019 ==>  ==> BJP consolidates its 2014 position in UP & UTTARAKHAND.  ==> BJP looses its grip in atleast in PUNJAB.  ==> 50:50 in MANIPUR & GOA  ✔ LOSS of PUNJAB & mere consolidation of UP in terms of 2014 by rulling NDA makes 2019 wide open & next 1 year will be most crucial ✔
i own house & also i pay rent , still am i eligible for HRA ??
My gut feeling  Nifty to touch 10k by 2017 December.
Hi Anuj and Sonia, what's your take on indices, are we heading towards 8300 before next big rally will begin ?
Is it ok to hold JSPL in the long term considering that they have defaulted on the NCD's?
he must have threaten forbes guys with his driving skills
Dude hope is what makes you work.
Trump reign commands apple's operation off from China and now India's transition is far from reality
Majority of Keralites are Hindus.Then why people in Kerala again and again choosing them??? Why they are not giving a chance for BJP??
Why recently share price of HCl tech is going down inspite of good results and guidance
Market seems to be over valued. I mean PE at all time high for Bank Nifty and Divident yields less than 1.
This is Interesting! I really dont mind going here for a 1 day break! What say Anisha??
Economic stimulus of a small magnitude with heavy investments on infrastructure, education and health is most required.
tell this during bakrid and easter.
Ha ha ha - so many burnol comments - shameless fellows hv to look at the loots of millions of dollars by Cong all these 70 years of rule- bloody corrupt family and the followers
What u suggest on Bank nifty. I nifty put 21100
These is the problem of our leaders only gives the statement but not giving the  army free hands
Pakistan have terror factories specifically set up to continuously infiltrate india .many of them get killed and some pass through and spread terror. Innocent young men of both countries loose their lives and it's just a chess game for politicians and generals.Pakistani youth looses most in these terror camps.common people on both sides want peace. Hate is spread to continue this war of profit for few.
*PART TIME JOB* WITHOUT INVESTMENT   --》No registration fees  Earn daily 400-500/-by workin 2 hours per day. For more details type join  and what's up this no:- 9996424214
This is how people die  with so many accidents
Thanks Nishant Krishna :)
People buy groceries and daily needs frm big basket if tat has seen the expected growth declained  just 18% as this video says
We should be happy that such a prominent person has told good things about our country and our PM... Instead we indians get jealous and starts bad mouthing bill gates and our PM...
Cnbc is own by mukesh ambani so no pro cong reporter they are doing very fair survey
Susma Swaraj Is doing good job
Excellent movie
What would be your views on HAVELLS, DHFL,ASIAN TILES,AMARAJA BAT?????
COMMON people, house wives, petty shop keepers, students, people engaged in marriages, functions faced hell. Big ques, waiting in lines hours together by losing daily wage.
Its an introductory price. 1.36 L means on road its almost 1.5L
Nifty has gven gud rally bt Pharama stocks r yet to take part
Our best pm. I met him before he wasn't CM OR PM. this the person who can make change our country and make most livable country in world. I am always with him. Its doesn't matter if make some mistake because if someone can try its possible but end of the day we get good result. Along with we need to change ourself to avoid nagativity
When it's election in U.P , caste is one of the few words to hear 😅
High time RBI moves away from tinkering rates in multiple of 25 basis points. Why not make a new base of 10 basis points and such reviews on monthly basis?
Hii sonia prashant BPCL holding ....view for oil n gas sector for 2017
Pls take strong action against Pakistan unhunee hamare ghar mein ghus k hamein maara
How about safety and security measures that Google need to take...
Is it the profit downfall that let to the outster of Cyrus Mistry ?
Yep. Market capitalisation increased to 70000 cr from 70 cr in 16 years...
RIP. Salute to this brave soldiers of India. Who laid their life for the country, supreme sacrifice .
I  like. C  n b c   away. Business newz
It is very good atleast this excess liquidity will be in safe place with Rbi as crr which also earn from commercial bank interest from rbi ( i don't know the present int.rate pays by rbi). Otherwise the commercial bank would hurriedly try to give loans to various chambal dakus industrialist and again the same will go as npa after some years and next govt will ask the bank to clean the bank balace sheet. why this excess liquidity not kept as a permanent crr which was introduced in the Indira gandhis time for one time (like from 9th november to march 31.2017) any excess deposit will be treated as one time crr and will attract int of 4.5 to5 pct when bank pays 4pct for savings aact
In your dreams
Good
Yeah I guess u r right. Y am I even wasting my time. Mayank Patel and ya Mr Brijesh Negi now I feel even more sad for u, because all of the places u hv been are dirty thts y u dint see any cleanliness in America. And by the way she carried that dress very well.
if we have good projects. then it create funds for energy. is our approach is in right direction?
All political parties thinks on election not for people or nations. I thinks you are update with news.
you can buy mobile to download APP from this link http://fkrt.it/VeXHcuuuuN
National hero Modi ji - Pranam - we are with you
we cannot expect goodies when a major decision is taken....in convenience will be there to bear
Welcome Ratanji! Please select a chairman from age  plus 50 years!
New Gandhiji Note Software update is Available 500₹ & 2000₹   Blackmoney bug Fixes where some people are transaction  1000₹ is permanent deleted  Download & install
Agree to every single word written here.
Ad
U r confused between allegation n truth...Truth us bitter but u l have to accpt it...
Is the cyrus mistry tata fight a gimmick to pull the markets down
who are minorities?
And what about improving quality service? In the name of 3G network there are still many areas where speed is worse than 2G.
I want to invest in IPO, is it safe investment
Delhi police is under Central govt control. So basically he is blaming centre ;-)
they are getting money what they deserve..not every one can try 4 yr and get a medal..it is nt tht easy ...chose your line as per interest and proceed..betti badhao..bettii khilao...let thm decide thr future..who is brilliant try IIT.if he try 40 yrs also cant qualify in sports...so chose wisely as per the strength..
... and this way, you will never lose those things.  They will be with you forever !
And I am not a resident of Punjab! So my personal consumption will be as same!
How's it a competition for Enfield... Even Bajaj won't claim it
Amazing speech with all due respect to opposition.....had it been Rahul he would have scolded modijee...this is diff...this is change...this is Modijee
it is, even the Americans don't believe it anymore
ωısнıиg yσu α νєяy   ✨нαppy đıωαℓı τσ yσu✨                    αиđ         ✨yσuя ƒαмıℓy✨
Is this seasonal hike in market? Or hike before results ?
ask Kejriwal first ..PM modi didnt promise lokpal...
MORE THAN THE LAUNCH, I AM THOROUGHLY ENJOYING THE COMMENTS
Good evening. Nandan from odisha. I hv taken IDFC Nov ce strike price 70 @ 2.85... What to do
Brilliant making.....
this service must be started in hyd and many other small cities and metros tooo............ :)
should I hold SBI or buy more ? Whats the future of SBI ?
WELCOME TO IRA  We are SEBI Registered firm, IRA ( Invest Research Advisor ) for Commodity, Equity, Forex Market. We are dedicated financial market research advisory firm which provides best tips with using its varied dimensions like Technical, Derivative and Fundamental Research.we provide equity,commodity,forex tips on the basis of all analysis generated by our experts with their skill and experience from the previous market and give high accuracy tips.  sebi registerd advisory SEBI Reg. No.:- INA000003387
I feel india will jump to the next level in every field due to shri Narendra Modi and his team's efforts in a due course of few years
Earn from Android mobile Rs 1000 - 50000 just download Champcash Referal Id 10665617                     Referal Id 13376922                        whatsapp9373425893
Informal sector will be hit badly. You have made every woman a tax chor!!
jail
We had to do a firesale on March 31 at heavy discounts: Pawan Goenka
its a ppl loss
Yogi jee he will be a very good cm. CM and i hope up will prosper under his leader ship brave move by bjp and modi jee beeter than akhilesh yadav aur some one else
Two aspects of....first a good humane initiative..........second...a deadly omen....where we are heading....when we can't breathe freely....do we need to purchase machine to breathe and survive...since such installation is not cure for ever growing problem.. but a warning sign to all of us
Sir, what are ur views on MCX for long term?
Do u think realty sector has any steam left ?
The movie which teaches us the true meaning of life. Being blind, deaf and dumb the portrayal of Rani Mukherjee as Michelle McNally is jus her character bang-on. It is indeed considered as Rani Mukherjee's career best performance. Thanks to Mr. Sanjay Leela Bhansali for bringing Helen Keller institute on big screen
Bala sir turkey is a lslamic country...he doesn't change but the economy if he is a dectator modi sir so
Get well soon
wow lol
Anuj my question for 3rd consecutive day,:( view on delta corp?  All stocks have recovered but delta is yet to after demonetisation.
A good move ! There are so many elections in different states of India round the year,political leaders are busy planning strategy and campaigning to win elections rather than working for their area.This is certainly a good  move.Don't oppose it merely on assumptions.
black is a classic n directed by the great sanjay leela bhanshali.👍
Just know the history, who took the opportunity from whom. Then make ur comments. Master Rajeev Jha.
Oh come on..  Can you tell me when we were doing (Indian media stated) surgical strike, coming about 250 meters in, where were the other Indian soldiers when two were multilated?  BTW I feel sorry for brutality of hindus against Sikh community in India, India's so called secularism had died and it is pure Hinduteva state, a terrorist state.
Pakistan has been violating cease fire it should be accountable at international level
What if open opec seizes the oil production what effect will it have on Indian markets?
Aannaji AAP ko support nahi kar rahe ho to bhi chalega but do not support corrupt BJP
Hi reema can you tell me about  sun tv
Superb movie
It will not surprising if martial law is declared and Army have to do everything as necessary
What is the guarantee to believe..They will deliver it to consumers with pure fuel?  Plz do comment on this...
Sir what is the best buying price for moil for long term
Results season started on a good note .Do u see a good EPS growth but P/E getting contract due to lot of uncertainty in upcoming months & interest rate cycle bottoming out??
Hello sonia Views on cement as it decrease the rate
nice
In this photo there are three stars sindhu, sakshi and salman .....only salman gifted a amount along with govt department...all names start from s.....
Hope they utilise this money to start their own academies so we have more Sakshis and PV Sindhus in the future..Way to go girls...God bless and Vande Mataram.
We have a special place in our hearts for this man. He is the SULTAN in the true essence. Allah bless him and his nation.
There are other currency notes besides 500 & 1000. They have been collecting cash money since ages.
Can you comment on stocks like Aarti Industries,  Heritage Foods, Sintex Industries and Maruti Suzuki.. In terms of their valuations
all the best virat
Dear , friends  I think the past election The People od Delhi cast there vote to BJP....but EMV win the AAP...  SO A.K should region from the post as a CM
Poor guy. Somebody take him out of delhi for once. Tutututu
Prices for the @BajajDominar 400 announced, ₹1.36lakh for non ABS, ₹1.5lakh for the ABS variant. Introductory price
Only one. Not a good score.
What's your view on marksans pharma..picked at  rs.39 support level..
As a woman - I am proud of you !
#BOYCOTTUNITED
The withdrawal of 500 and 1,000 rupee notes from circulation will not help in fighting black money as it is stashed away in foreign banks, foreign currency, gold or in the form of other assets. Hence, this steps alone is not going to help in unearthing black money,
CBN Sir, we are very happy and proud to have you CM of our AP at this crucial time to save us from looters and cheaters...
Very nice sir  U have done excellent job GOD BLESS U EVER SIR
Anuj, Can I get Reliance around 1260 in near future
Bcos Muslims law have strict with good behavior with wife and to save them
All the policies are hellbent on collecting Tax from the common man and the employed who are sincere tax payers. The Industrialists are not at all touched. Very very bad.
Bhai he always was one of the frontrunners
so you people want to pass new - land bill, real estate bill , G.S.T......15 lakh crore investment is good , but how much of land space is going to be shrinken in agriculture give us those datas, recycle and waste management ? ....investment favours real estate , builders only -what about increases in  rent for common people ,  where  is the rent control bill are we are  living in london or new york city ...or  central govt is sleeping in those areas wake up  ...so take diversion...traffic ahead
That's happening due to only because of Congress, JDU, APP, CPM and left parties because whenever Indian government takes action against Pakistan, JNU incident, and Kashmiri stone pelter these parties stand against Indian Army and government due to that they are able to do this kind of action against India.
Sub:- Prez Mukherjee too seems to be fixed by big money  -----  The media report that - ‘At the Cabinet meeting before Modi's announcement, ministers were told to keep their mobile phones outside the room and reports suggest that they were not allowed to leave till the PM's decision had been broadcast’ – legally constrains Prez Mukherjee (especially who has been Union Finance Minister hence knows about such massive de-monetization) to immediately (i)- Dismiss Modi government (ii)- Stop illegal de-monetization process (iii)-  Order fresh Parliamentary elections as mentioned below:-  https://groups.yahoo.com/neo/groups/kashmir-global-network/conversations/messages/50240  Regards  Email: hemraj_jain@yahoo.com
We are very happy and proud to say you are my best CM
Part time online job without investment  Most important job for Facebook expert  Earn 15000-25000/-month  Open play store  Install champcash mony free app Sign up with champcash  Refer id-12935304 Install 7-8 apps in the champcash and start online work
Be like, u were xcptng Hillary to win but u get Trump as ur President.  Best wishes UP.
Great Amby Coming Back.Would love to see a New Makeover.Real Hardy and Spacious Car for Indian Roads.
The govt at center is responsible for all this
Business environment in India is not conducive for rapid growth with several factors like inflation, political, monsoon, geographical etc acting as speed breakers. One should be realistic & not expect bumper profits from even better known companies in the near future. This is the consolidation phase & an great opportunity to churn your portfolio into blue chip names which may be available at reasonable valuations whenever there are large fluctuations in the markets. More weightage should be given to companies that pay handsome dividend & are consistent in their performance.  Pharma & good IT names could outperform in the days to come.
BJP running MCD for ten years. If people still vote for BJP that means they feel that nobody else can manage it better and the present state of Delhi is the max standard we can achieve.
What is your view on telecom for a 6 month perspective? Especially the smaller players like idea and RCOM ?
Wat will he decode lol   Let me decode it for u :)
All 3 major DTAAs have been amended this year: FM
Ethics and Moral codes shown my Indian Army means nothing against a fundamentalist Army. Zilch! Use lethal force
FROM 1947 THE GOVERNMENTS, THEIR POLICIES AND BUDGETS HAVE BEEN PRO POOR AND PRO FARMERS. PROMOTING POVERTY AND PROVOKING SUICIDES
Its better he doesn't talk maun vrat...... is better for him
Jio users consumed more than 100 GB of data last month: Mukesh Ambani
Happy birthday sir.
Buy gold/gold mining stocks that's the only way to financially benefit from this event. I have already put in my order 🙏🏼 I already bought MMTC. Gold will rally to $1500 on back of Trump election
Mr saini why r u creating trouble for BJP govt. If this remarks r true
Good for u . Shows ur upbringing  . I wouldn't say the same abt ur mom n sister though.
HI
Happy? I hate this corruption & modi said he would remove it but will fail. That is what I meant. The politicians & officials are corrupt to the corr. All of us suffer.Demomonetizatio will do nothing against it.
Really Appreciate Women Drivers... Actually there should be awareness campaign for it...
Lol... You accepted surgical strike done by Pak Army by yourselves, we don't need to claim. 😂
Nifty will go to 7700 , that's the time to buy
Hahaha send more jokes😂😂😂
Next time we don't get to see these two medalists, by next Olympics they will be brand ambassadors of many products, busy with endorsements.  The money pouring in should be given directly to sports academies to e encourage them n for others.
Duke and GT are 2 diff types of bikes noobs
Want to start sip of 5000 in month in stocks​ for 1-2 years. Which stocks would u suggest......
BHEL has been languishing  for long. Do you see a big uptrend in this scrip this year as it has bagged some projects
CNBC-TV18 if you quote this pakistani stooge everyone would be silent only:-/
people become the gold mine ...557 metric tonnes reserve versus legitimate gold
Not enough MLA to elect him in any state ??
🕉💥PART TIME WORK WITHOUT INVESTMENT💥 ""NO REGISTRATION FEES""👉Earn 15000-75000 months plz follow all steps 👉 👉1:go to play store in Android mobile  👉2:install champ cash money free 👉3:signup with champ cash 👉4:fill your details & whatsaap no. 👉5: refer ID of Sponsor - 3198061 👉6: install 7 to 9 apps kindly           Now Your earning start      Help line whatsaap no. 7579051769
Sikhs are paying what they have done with Pakistan, India is giving them back, Khalistan is next milestone for Sikhs, InshaAllah
Airtel is already offering 10gb plan in just 100rs. In history..
Wahh great Japan population less than 40cr India population   120 cr great
Well written Kanganana kudos to u
It's Odissi to be precise.
Well said dr
A sea of people. An ocean of tears. Supporters paying their final respect to Jayalalithaa Amma. RIP !
2000 rs note not needed for a strong economic country 500 is sufficient
hi anuj my first investment is yesbank bought in 2013 @ 250 200 qty with my laptop money. should i book profit and move to other bank? how much gain can I expect
Rhetoric is criminal in these circumstances. Step out of barracks!
There is no case to be made that industry had piled up on BS-III stock: Pawan Goenka
Non-sense !
Instead of pouring out money to them, build up more standardize sports complex, equipment and qualified traniners
wat should be  the sleep duration for the students during exam days......
I m very very happy keep it up modi sarkar
leader never lead but follows every body heart  finding what they require  and make it happen .........
Without deposit rate cuts, lending rates cannot be brought down: Arundhati Bhattacharya
Hope AAP will provide the funds to MCD and allow it to work.
HUL has today broken the major support. How do u see tht stock going
A question this may check hidden money but it won't finish or reduce corruption?
I'm with you sachin..... All festival is over and there is no requirement of money for all
A simple Gujarat model ....
and TRAI is coming up in a big way to boost the domestic economy, making things simple.
But if same had been given before olymic games for practice then more award must be received by india, rather after giving money to olympic participant
automotive awards are done at the cost of spare parts
I appreciate the stated facts but the last one with 1.05L sounds funny.
Fake
She should wear this and come to India for swatch bharat mission it will be useful
A.H.M.A.D. LMAO really? Its called American English, not America English. In the English language, when referring to the language spoken in that country extra letters are added to the country's name.  Same thing with Canadian French (not Canada French).
Such philanthropist will be blessed by God and lead a peaceful life with good health. Only our politicians and education fathers will end their life miserably.
Thanks Mr Obama for ur graceful support for our country India
even hindus in Assam eat beef... in Guwahati there are a lot of beef stalls and they​ cook ymmy beef.. i like it..
bike is not there launch is on 15 12 17
Showing a warning before movie may help.
1st Racemo will be delivered by the end of the year: Tata Motors MD
Except for Goa, Daman, and Sikkim its not been allowed in any other states...
This girl from CNBC needs some voice training even when she is talking seems like she is shouting
are you sure ? F1 teams -ferrari -1 , mclaren -2, red bull -3 ,mercedes -5...you need a pole position  in racing team ...come on wake up
People have been crying and dying in India for thousands of years! Is it any different now???
No exceptions
This is all over India. No respect for small vehicles even if they are in their own track. Also in cities every one is in the middle of the road regardless of what speed they r. It is a driving descipline which was never followed all over. This is the primary cause of noise pollution due to use of sound horns. Strict rules and enforcement of law as well as track usage based on vehicles etc to be strictly enforced. India need only two track in highways if proper driving descipline is maintained.  If we dont follow then we pay more toll for more tracks increased traffic and noise pollution, etcetc goes on..
Actually the United States committed a crime by declaring war against England,and the Church of England was the established faith,so yes it was a Christian nation but the atheist,secularist and so on would like you to believe and think differently regarding our historical facts
do not measure the size of elephant dung in amazon forest, no evidence of elephant living in amazon ...jungle news
Have not worked out cost modalities of delivery, want to keep it neutral: HPCL CMD
Congrats CM of karnataka
Most of the issues are inherited.. My Cyrus.. Need an explanation
If ignorance is bliss, you must be the happiest person on earth.
But why ipl or Indian cricket board not donated any single rupee ? our money is with them too.
beautiful A's just go away, let us see the machine.
Frank Lopez America is NOT a Christian Country. It is a nation of FREE Religion and no one group of religious belief is held over any other- even though Christian Americans think their beliefs rule over all others.
In 40 days almost 700 Maoists surrendered during period of November-December. This happened for the first time: PM Modi
Dhiraj Yadav our in-house UP expert your take on this....
The harvest period of Rabi crop is April to May 1st week. Can be more damage from pre - monsoon showers rather than dry season.
Anuj what will happen to EM's If USD crash due to staggring DEBT level an if QE4 fails.
The decisions are welcome, could please ensure there will be a bank every village having 1000 populations or within 5 KM radius
Kerala Police investigated and found some people went missing from Kerala & joined in IS.Since it is terrorism case its handed over to NIA -Ask Modiji about progress???
Proud of you both hope you will raise your company's  net value and weed out foreign  influence and increase indian economy
A look at how some of the leading national newspapers in Pakistan reported on Kulbhushan Jadhav's death sentence.
Really what happened to all these incidents, can anyone from Tata group will come out and express before media.
Views on Motilal oswal financial services for long-term I have 1100 share @ 512
Indusind bank has posted good results.. Do you think the earning season will go well?
Is it right to invest in RBL BANK Current market price for long-term
Absolutely
ISIS chief Bagdadi also wants to visit and stay in pakistan for once and ever :D
HuJI leader Mufti Hannan lost the legal battle to save himself from the charges of an attempt on life of the former UK envoy to Bangladesh.
Yes they are great for anyone needing an affordable place to sleep.  Much better than sidewalk tent.    Pick up a 100 pop cans a day and you can afford.
Bank nifty cracked today,  where do you think it will stop
Can u give ur views on jubilant foodwork pvt ltd
To be very honest This comes to all of us naturally when we go for a pi 🤣
Holy drone, Batman!
But you gave him legitimacy.
Why surgical.. Go to WAR.. Give a choice to the Kashmiri s.. Those  who are within borders protect them.. N then all.out war.. Finish this Crap..Once n for all....What are we Nuke for??
Sir, view @ buying Lic hou.fi.,adani ports, Bharat fin. Thanks,
It was an oversight, it's corrected now. Thanks for pointing it out.
all problems solution your life pt.Vinod Swami ji call&whatsapp no.+91-9928827268 / get your love back / Vashikaran / husband wife Disput / inter cast love marriage / Black Magic / business prombles Husband wife relationship Family problem solution;lover girlfriend Jadu-Tona contact no.+91-9928827268
Indian government simply shows its teeth against pak but not retaliating
we are in railway station ...wave the green flag sherin .......
By the way according to India media reports after uri ,76 soldiers have been killed by Pakistan army? :P
Congratulations Jitu.   Excellence through hard work is your moto.  You are able to achive it.   Thanks
Press conference by Kapil Mishra till episode 2808
Wonderful! I think he will change the perception about himself ;). I wish he emerges as a great leader!
There is no body in this  country to feel the pain of our soldiers
UK have 1 % or .5 % GDP growth but thousand times the wealth of INDIA. this means nothing just a way to show the developing countries to be happy
what about TATA MOTORS  .. can I buy at current levels?
Defining sentence of the century - ""I know you, I know what you want""
So many channels give their Opinion polls not only ABP
Traditions must live on fir future generations   Same time we must stand up against torture & slaughter of our Desi animals
There should  be no discussion on Kashmir issue Kashmir is a part of India so why we discussing these type of issue
Atlast we see good leadership coming......Unless we don't see discipline being maintained and followed nothing work....The government has given a job to perform for which you are paid salary... What is employees duty and loyalty towards your employer and public...Educate them and ask them to perform...Everything will start falling in right places....
EARN MONEY FROM ANDROID MOBILE WITH OUT INVESTMENT 100% FREE APPLICATION KNOW AS CHAMPCASH.  1.OPEN PLAYSTORE ON YOUR ANDROID MOBILE TYPE CHAMPCASH INSTALL IT. 2.PUT REFF ID 4401640 or 2908054 3.INSTALL ALL APPLICATIONS 1 BY 1 AS GIVEN THERE ACCORDINGLY.  4.YOU WILL GET A LIST OF MAXIMUM  10  APP TO  INSTALL AS SOON AS YOU COMPLETE THIS PROCESS YOUR CHAMPCASH APP WILL OPEN AND YOUR REFF ID WILL GET ACTIVE  AND YOU GET 1$ BONUS. 5.THEN GO TO INVITE AND EARN AND START REFF OTHERS. 6.WE GET PAYMENT IN 3 WAYS   1.BANK ACCOUNT REDEEM IS MIN 10$. 2.RECHARGE LEAVING THE BONUS AMOUNT 1$ .MAX 50RS RECHARGE PER DAY. 3.WORLDS 1ST COMPANY WITH 100% FREE WITHOUT INVESTNMENT CONCEPT . NO LIABILITY  NO MONEY ROTATION  NO PRODUCT SELLING  HOW DOES THE COMPANY GIVES MONEY WITHOUT TAKING ANY INVESTMENT ? ITS IS GENERATING MONEY FROM THE ADVERTISER WHICH YOU INSTALL ON YOUR MOBILES  PUT REFF ID 4401640  or 2908054  Earn More Panel : ...  Features :  1. You Will Earn Every time you Install App. 2. You will Earn Every time Your Team Members Install Any App. 3. You can redeem it Instantly. 4. You can Earn a Fixed Income through Earn More Panel. 5. We are First Company in World Who is Giving Re-Purchasing Income From team without Any investment.  How Much You can Earn Through Earn More :  Suppose You Have Team of 5000 Persons upto 7 levels and if 5000 persons installs 2 apps per week And if You gets Rs. 1 Per Person then You can Earn Rs. 10,000 Per week Very Easily.  Apps Per Week : 2 Team : 5000 Persons Earning Per Person (Eg) for 2 Apps: Rs 2 Income Per Week : 5000x2 = Rs 10,000 Income Per Month : Rs. 40,000  Sponsor ID : 4401640 or 2908054
Pls cm to Ahmedabad for flying kites...its a hub of kites
I m very proud to being a big basket employee
I want you to know: this White House is fighting for you, says Trump
💿 Bot👲 Powered😂 By🎓 Prince🐱 Fadii  🏨 See My Bot Speed 😽 India TV ♥ c h α υ δ h r ψ s 🌹 β ο τ τ ε r ♥ 🏢 Saturday : 29 - April - 2017 🏨  Like Back♥ India TV 🏥 Comment Late  5 minute :D 55 Sec :v   🏪 Auto Comment By   Prince Fadii  🏯 🔎 Baby-Bot.tk 💡
Killing of Gandhiji is it justified?
Mr. Anil Naik is a great leader. Looking rough & tough, like a shell of coconut but with soft heart inside! God bless him long life. Jagdish Mehta
#ENTERTAINMENT | #NachBaliye8 will have some top celebrity couples participating. Are you excited?
l&t housing fin wt to do sir hold 4 lots??
Yesterday, I posted all these things on my timeline... You can check it on my timeline Thanks
99 rs for one year, i cant believe it...jusrlt osam....only 99 ₹ .....😂😂😎
Heartfelt Condolences to families of martyrs & may they rest in peace. I feel deep sorrow when such unfortunate incidents happens & our coward politicians start a revenge rant. Not to offend anyone but i heartily wish that every kin of our useless politicians suffer such horrific deaths which will make these scumbag thugs realise how it feels.
Have gained 18.3% market share in deposits in last ten years: Arundhati Bhattacharya
For info, countries like United States and China have HDI scores of 0.92 & 0.738. Respectively.
Two flop out of work jerks ... Great post.. Feel like pukin 💩💩💩
business guru diksha ..or initiating secret mantra for sucess .....
Yeah it's true. It's a result of hardwork, efficency and dedication.
How was the mutilation possible, oh maybe it was a real surgical strike :p
Really every body expected lot but got frustrated.
Nice Anna...
Nepotism is everywhere. She is the Star. A confident woman   Love her
Shut up you all. You all have your hidden agenda. Keep blaming each other. Forget about the families whose husband and sons have died.  Do something to solve the problem. Killing them is not the solution. Kul one two will appear. Solve their grievances.
Can we see expansion in Nifty trading range ...can we see 9500 levels ...with earnings round corner will it deliver
The Democratic Party often warns us that mixing big money and politics will corrupt democracy. They must have nominated Hillary Clinton to prove it.
True
Folks.. whats ur take on Expiry... where will Nifty close for this series
View on Pharma industry,  specifically with regard to Aurobindo
more we fall more we raise ...follow the legend --see below
Your job is gonna be very tough.. security issues are gonna be the hardest work these days
negative journalism
i think there is no need of Rs.2000 Notes if you really want to stop curroption
Where do u see the ONGC stock headed givrn the crude
Vidyut Kauntia Put this into perspective and then some of the graduate pay cheques seem outrageous !!
Because mom needs to know!
Oh... He learnt from his mistakes.... That's y he sent his Chamcha to endorse this video?? Awesome... Shatnaman..... 🙏🙏🙏🙏🙏
Plss sonia anuj my question  on ur view on aban offhare
keep those 7 without jumping
Reema you always pick the right questions ... I am covered most of the time ... thanks
world most great  pm is our  pm  modi.he tell  always
There's something deeper that's not meeting the eye, for now.  If sectorial events (referring to TCS results) do get into the boards to replace people, then TCS is the culprit, for, they failed in creating any Value.  Anyways, disturbed with this news story. I even heard that SP are considering legal actions.  Hope Tatas gain their strength now and retain their trust.  Please be transparent Mr.Ratan Tata.
Earn money from online by installing Champcash from play store and register it in sponsor 🆔 write 4834475 and then whatsapp me. Earn monthly 10000
shame on pakistan....this country has no humanity nad thier soldier is very coward....indian sodier must give strong reply
Very nicely scripted and designed video.. communicates a complicated simply and clearly.. Kudos to the team behind this.. :)
Still a long way to go, you may be focusing on macro management and may be doing well to meet your political targets, but the major part of the country still have open and overhead wiring.....theft and power cut are everyday affairs.
Leaders AR not born  Thy train😎
And end of the day how much ethics you speak..  top employer consider others as slaves..  never expected tatas go this low on ethics
We all of them searching in Google, if anyone searching you in Google - That is success ,Best quote  suitable for you sir
Thats true what we build for india we built for world
dear bjp ruled is since last 3 years and Kashmir issue is because of nehru tharki
Now on your migration  You have gone to china  But you should have gone to Bihar + UP to get insight of migration & then How UBI can be implemented on people who don't have accounts/ home/ Adhar card extra  Col lamba
And you shared a bolach pic with pak terrorist... :P just look at the army cap.
A lot goes in to reach that stage.. i appreciate talent and art.. but execution of it in a right manner is applaudable.. i am here concerned only with deepika's hype.. what good has someone like her done by reaching this stage? She might be the highest paid actress but what use when people like these don't come to the aid of society? When north karnataka was badly hit by drought did she even come to help being a kannadiga?she doesn't even proudly express that she belongs to karnataka
Part time online job without investment  Most important job for Facebook expert  Earn 15000-25000/-month  Open play store  Install champcash mony free app Sign up with champcash  Refer id-12935304 Install 7-8 apps in the champcash and start online work
8505050887#get_immediately_solution_for_your_all_problem_contact_now & whatsapp Vashikaran, love marriage, love problem, family problem, husband wife problem, business problem, child problem #solution_with_100% guarantee
Labour-intensive based manufacturing is what we missed many years ago: CEA
Buy. It is a temporary set back. The stock will cross 1200 by the end of October .
Does anyone know this song. . how long it is . when will thsi end
so it's ok as long as Hindus kill Hindus.. ?
ALL D VERY BEST. V R WITH U FOR A BETTER UNITED INDIA.
Look into her eyes, she wants to say, that your voice is not good enough to make change in system. Proper education is what needed to change the world. Those genius who shares their quotes or thoughts, read carefully all differs from each other. ~ Shri Vinay Sadhana Ramesh🎅
😽 Dapat🔥 pulsa😫 gratis🐵 nih😘 komen💝 pertama  :* Skrg jam 8 mlm ya India TV :D Saturday : 29 - April - 2017 :3 Add Close Broo..! India TV -_- Mantap cuma telat 18 detik :) ❤ Robot like by Stylø Ãñàs <3 BOT SITE 🔥Soumyas. ml🔥
We believe modi 🙏 World believes brand 🕗 India the best service provider 🙌 Make in India 🙏
Will the rally continue to 8350... becoz the fed reserve policy is next week...some forecast
Expansion of infrastructure  has not taken place while passenger  growth seen every passing day.
#SenaDigAtPM
Time  has realised that now Trump is the boss and Modi won't be at hand for any anything .
The stock ran up crazily to Rs.130, came down steadily down to Rs.100, went up to Rs.115, and today crashed down to Rs.96 and is struggling now around that.
Why he is assuming...That human evolution would stay same in next 30 years....Our understanding of human brain is under nascent stage
Snowman Logistics bought @ 50. Should I book profit now or hold? Kindly suggest.
Anuj I heard you say that even if doesn't BJP come people will buy because there is liquidity and the theme is buy on dips and if BJP does come then people will buy feeling they missed out. So in any case money is coming in 😀 is that correct ?
EARN MONEY FROM ANDROID MOBILE WITH OUT INVESTMENT 100% FREE APPLICATION KNOW AS CHAMPCASH. 1.OPEN PLAY-STORE ON YOUR ANDROID MOBILE TYPE CHAMPCASH INSTALL IT. 2.PUT REFF ID .759450 3.INSTALL ALL APPLICATIONS 1 BY 1 AS GIVEN THERE ACCORDINGLY. 4.YOU WILL GET A LIST OF MAXIMUM 10 APP TO INSTALL AS SOON AS YOU COMPLETE THIS PROCESS YOUR CHAMPCASH APP WILL OPEN AND YOUR REFF ID WILL GET ACTIVE AND YOU GET 1$ BONUS. 5.THEN GO TO INVITE AND EARN AND START REFF OTHERS. 6.WE GET PAYMENT IN 3 WAYS 1.BANK ACCOUNT REDEEM IS MIN 10$. 2.RECHARGE LEAVING THE BONUS AMOUNT 1$ .MAX 50RS RECHARGE PER DAY. 3.WORLDS 1ST COMPANY WITH 100% FREE WITHOUT INVESTNMENT CONCEPT . NO LIABILITY NO MONEY ROTATION NO PRODUCT SELLING HOW DOES THE COMPANY GIVES MONEY WITHOUT TAKING ANY INVESTMENT ? ITS IS GENERATING MONEY FROM THE ADVERTISER WHICH YOU INSTALL ON YOUR MOBILES PUT REFF ID 759450,CALL OR WHATSAPP,Earn More Panel : ... Features : 1. You Will Earn Every time you Install App. 2. You will Earn Every time Your Team Members Install Any App. 3. You can redeem it Instantly. 4. You can Earn a Fixed Income through Earn More Panel. 5. We are First Company in World Who is Giving Re-Purchasing Income From team without Any investment. How Much You can Earn Through Earn More : Suppose You Have Team of 5000 Persons upto 7 levels and if 5000 persons installs 2 apps per week And if You gets Rs. 1 Per Person then You can Earn Rs. 10,000 Per week Very Easily. Apps Per Week : 2 Team : 5000 Persons Earning Per Person (Eg) for 2 Apps: Rs 2 Income Per Week : 5000x2 = Rs 10,000 Income Per Month : Rs. 40,000.
Let's await the results of the meeting MOF with heads of bank reported to being held now on video conferencing.
good
Game is a game let the Govt appoint them in a higher position where the position deserve such a personality but spending the tax of Indians people in such way really make me to think Is the tax pooling into a proper channel. Offering monetary benefit to the soldiers and police who loose ther life for the country would bring us more happy and proud  Because every soldier is a shooter,                                          He is a wrestler                                          He is marathon                                          he is a weight lifter,
So cute
Health of sector is improving, but not yet as good as it should be: Nitin Gadkari
Hi, we are doing a chain of 1,000 prayers for those soldiers who are securing our borders from terrorists and invaders . Say one prayer and pass it on to ten people, minus me. Let me know if you can't do this, so we don't break the chain.     👐Please forward👐  *Om Tryambakam Yajamahe Sugandhim Pushtivardhanam Urvarukamiva Bandhanan Mrityor Mukshiya Maamritat* 🙏
NOW NEW CORRUPT NETAS Beaucrats  not new corrupt  officers will be born after 9/11
Any idea abt fmcg sector how is it performing should  we invest in it
At what value we can enter in music broadcast and shankara ?
All our government do is everytime they change their statements 😒😒 just prove ur statement by banning it from tonight like u did during demonitisation 😒😒
After bjp in up, is the sugar sector will get rerated
simple ""win the heart"" ...this is what dhirubhai exactly said ..
Even If west Bengal received excess revenue it will still be the worst state in terms of cleanliness....
your open lab is nature and ecosystem --you have answer for so many puzzle, so do not destroy nature ---> natural beauty for the face never requires chemical tinkering and painting.
Hull City, Middlesbrough and Sunderland have been relegated from the Premier League.
Bcoz  already  member of BJP
HA HA HA ..............                  LOL
You have to be opportunistic to be successful. If you are not then you are doomed brother.
100pc surety of success.... 1991 liberalisation; was PVN Rao sure? You have to take risk and Modi took it. Anyday, I'd prefer it to appeasement politics
Modi or yogi. He is terrorist attacked 3 talaq. Cow mother. He doing religion politics. Kashmir 95%people want independent true. Ur buy broker 5% people.we want india that is lier.
Write an article on investing in bonds in your blog.
Two comments so far and both stupendously useless.
This is called cash-out in Australia. Any dept store or any retail shop can give money to customer using debit or credit card. This concept is there in few countries.
Panasonic was is and always worlds best electronics brand Matsushita Electronics a Great Company! Salute!
Love u kkr missss u
preya sheth strategy whenever you visit vegetable market , go with the mike and camera .....smart work  of an journalist
use hair to move the mountain ..holy hills moved by the hair ..great
How is it being compared with royal enfield?  This doesn't even look like a cruiser..
Y
Sum starting problem with bike...  D reason getting late
Hello Prashant & Reema. I have 3500 shares of HCC at an avg price of 41/- Could you please share your views on the stock and how I can manage.
Please manage to get him here, we shall offer him the CBI chief post...
Worthless words from rajmouli representing rajini as God.  Useless dialogue.
Please keep up the crusade. Is it true about ayurvedic medicines also?
Congress is best ..
All grand narratives are bad including Communism.
Hats off to the duo, Modi ji and Amit ji.....😀🙌
Jio to cover 99% of India's population by 2017-end: Mukesh Ambani
Good. minimum balance 5000 or 10,000. How this bank is affordable to village people???
Sir what about Apollo tyres and other tyre stocks  For short term and long term ?
Anuj is this a good time to buy bank nifty?
Why Gandhi again.... Why you not put subhash chandra bose actual true freedom fighter of India ..
Very nice
love u too shireen. in case u r feeling jealous
WE REMEMBER THEM BUT COULD LEARN NOTHING ADOPT NOTHING TOOK NOTHING FROM THEM.........why......? SELFISH V PROVED!!
Washington's administration even negotiated a treaty with the Muslim rulers of north Africa that stated explicitly that the United States was not founded on Christianity. The pact, known as the Treaty with Tripoli, was approved unanimously by the Senate in 1797, under the administration of John Adams. Article 11 of the treaty states, ""The government of the United States is not, in any sense, founded on the Christian religion""
Work on to convert 11 rivers into waterways, starting with Ganges: Nitin Gadkari
In NBFC which is better stock to invest - Home loans or Auto loans or Micro finance.....
ComeOn yaa ! You guys are awesome, backbenchers are the new trend now ;)
Manipur Choose Congress..The problem is they don't get the numbers to form government...They(Congress) will be back soon..
Had this amount spent on training and infrastructure..we would have won more medals ...
What makes you help sleeping early? Is depression the reason for this?
I don't know who is he but I like what he said
Guys we need to mature to Europe and US standards!!! Lot to report on F&O
All these r buying opportunities, in 2-3 months it will b history, these rates....
Big Bazar is not taking old notes. It is giving cash by swaping debit card.
When SBI is getting so much deposit why share is going down
sir my questions are ignored, i have portfolio in sunpharma, century tex, banks. all are down, which sector is good to enter ?
Indian express kuch bhi
each politician in India needs to be booked in DA case
Its there right if you dont know anything about Islam then dont discuss
It's said that this is the least experienced Australian team to have toured India, but at this level, not only experience matters. Intent and hunger to go out and win is what's needed. It was smart of Smith to dodge a lot of media questions before the series and be free from undue pressure.
8505050887#get_immediately_solution_for_your_all_problem_contact_now & whatsapp Vashikaran, love marriage, love problem, family problem, husband wife problem, business problem, child problem #solution_with_100% guarantee
Just because Ethiopian cuisine has the lentil pancakes doesnt mean its any more or less like Indian food. It has a totally different spice palate, and none of the spices are tempered as they are in Indian food. I still love it though, the best I had was in Dashen in Addis. And Queen Sheeba in Joburg is pretty good too.
The PM has warn these vigilantes before, but unfortunately these vigilantes have given back to the PM even going against the PM. The PM by all powers need to direct law enforcement like NIA and other national security agencies to monitor these vigilantes. http://www.deccanchronicle.com/nation/in-other-news/230816/despite-modis-warning-over-1-lakh-gau-rakshaks-to-descend-on-delhi.html
Cow in Hinduism:  Eating Beef (Cow Mata) allowed in Hinduism. Rigveda (10/85/13) declares, “On the occasion of a girl’s marriage oxen and cows are slaughtered.”  Rigveda (6/17/1) states that “Indra used to eat the meat of cow, calf, horse and buffalo.”  Manusmriti (Chapter 5 / Verse 30) says, “It is not sinful to eat meat of eatable animals, for Brahma has created both the eaters and the eatables.” Maharishi Yagyavalkya says in Shatpath Brahmin (3/1/2/21) that, “I eat beef because it is very soft and delicious.” Apastamb Grihsutram (1/3/10) says, “The cow should be slaughtered on the arrival of a guest, on the occasion of ‘Shraddha’ of ancestors and on the occasion of a marriage.” Vashistha Dharmasutra (11/34) writes, “If a Brahmin refuses to eat the meat offered to him on the occasion of ‘Shraddha’ or worship, he goes to hell.”
Woah this is amazing. Glad the kids are getting so much of exposure
Hi, a view on Tata motors plz n where is Anuj ?
I am pretty happy
By the what u wants to proved it. Just tell us
Nawaz under pressure for corruption and India is diverting the attention
Happy? I hate this corruption & modi said he would remove it but will fail. That is what I meant. The politicians & officials are corrupt to the corr. All of us suffer.
Happy Diwali & look fwd for good year ahead :)
Sir please sleep
Bro, I have not posted this to compare these athletes with our Bravehearts........btw sportsperson do know and prepare themselves for challenges....but our brother's on border doesn't have that same luxury and many don't even know whether they will see the next sunrise or not......
Ppl within the border are afraid of gau Rakshaks, send them to the border
He also said that the name 'Hindustan' is communalism .
Amazing singing with great combination nd keep memorizing the culture by listening through them...
Very gud decision but  2000 rs not needed for a growing economy pls ask ques relate to this
Coz critising the one doesn't necessariful the critic the advocated he proponent of some other political party. Because in none of my post I have ever praised the West Bengal govt.
Industry was fully prepared to meet the notification & we did not ask for any leniency: Pawan Goenka
NETTLINX price may go down to 113 suddenly,May I know the reason??
And yes if the government invests the dividends he gave our psu banks would have become much more healthier.  They instead spent the money.
2019 action of 2 month before but now fever is modi
MCX all news priced in now or matches ur years of underperformance theory
Yes true .cine people should have responsible about the society. They should stop exposing women .women artist also should deny to act in nudity.
In the Shewalwadi village shops, I live in Pune, most of the small shops started accepting payments through PayTM or card payments. Few are still banking on cash..
Old notes deposited.by . SBI writes off bad loans in one stroke
SRS limited ? Is it a good buy ... M planning to hold fr 5 years ...
So sweet
Is Eicher motor a good buy now or should wait
Okkk....just think logically...why does the creator god or bhagwan gav us tooth with both herbivores nd  carnivores........which i mean animals which eat only plants fruits etc hav unique teeth shape nd which is diff from carnivores but god gav us both ...front visible tooth are similar to carnivores and inside tooth are herbivores....
Again india lost a diamond pieace aftr APJ kalam sir 😢😢
This govt is going to change all old practices... Change is good
Hi, Anuj & Sonia a short term view on Amtek Auto plz
she became sweeper of the event....... her dress is sweeping the floor
I regularly watching yr program in the morning during opening and taking position based on Mr.wagle sir most of the time I m earning good profit.... now can u provide yr suggestion on IRB infra
What you should know about Turkey's President, Recap Tayyip Erdogan:  The Turkish economy between 2002 and 2012 caused a growth of 64% in real GDP and a 43% increase in GDP per capita.  Erdoğan inherited a debt of $23.5 billion to the IMF, which was reduced to $0.9 billion in 2012. He decided not to sign a new deal. Turkey's debt to the IMF was thus declared to be completely paid and he announced that the IMF could borrow from Turkey.  In 2010, five-year credit default swaps for Turkey's sovereign debt were trading at a record low of 1.17%, below those of nine EU member countries and Russia.  In 2002, the Turkish Central Bank had $26.5 billion in reserves. This amount reached $92.2 billion in 2011. During Erdoğan's leadership. Inflation fell from 32% to 9.0% in 2004.  Under Erdoğan's government, the number of airports in Turkey increased from 26 to 50.  Between 2002 and 2011, another 13500 km of expressway were built.  For the first time in Turkish history, high speed railway lines were constructed, and the country's high-speed train service began in 2009. In 8 years, 1076 km of railway were built and 5449 km of railway renewed.  Erdogan put greater investments into the healthcare system than any predecessor. As part of the reforms, the ""Green Card"" program, which provides free health benefits to the poor.  Erdoğan increased Education spending from 7.5 billion lira in 2002 to 34 billion lira in 2011, the highest share of the national budget given to one ministry and number of universities in Turkey nearly doubled, from 98 in 2002 to 186 in October 2012.  In 1996 1$=222 Lira and in 2016 1$=2.94 Lira, even after the recent turmoil. THE GREAT LEADERSHIP
#ENTERTAINMENT| The House of Mukesh: Neil Mukesh is the third generation of a singing family.
ya right.. 😂 u were always here right.. wil be here only.. BJP will rule ... they are here to stay
What are the measures government should take to help the poor who are suffering badly right now
Can BPL be story like symphony....super brand...fallen from top,,,almost bankrupt...rise again and back to glory?
Typical Aaptards found....
This kind of killing will go on  till there is terrorists.... So we need to do diplomatic solution....Aswell as military also....
Jio is best, but our place is very week signal
lets fight again..lets revive d strong anti corruption movement....share this song on ur page if u like it.........http://youtu.be/rMRogIBTXgs
Jsw steel buy or not to buy ??? What is your view?
Good things will happen when small difficulties  has to face
Sach me airtel gumrah kar raha hai.346 ka recharge kiye ,result kiya huwa net speed bel gadi jaisa. Jio is the best network better than other network
Shobha Chhetri so u r good in English... Ummmmm may b coz British have been ruling u for centuries and r u forefathers...   Right...!
He done work as business man not as industrialist  so lot of negative feeling came on him
I have Listen your speech in RS on GST. Your speech was very effective, precise, concise, accurate and appreciate able . You are really very intelligent man . We are proud of your wisdom and knowledge.
i dnt support bjp nda sp no one i only support modi becoze he do his duty batter then privious pm's
Heard Bull trap Bull trap since few days.. is this really a good situation for that or bear trap will b much profitable.. I mean bulls were trapped on 89 & weak hands must b already out.. isn't this situation dangerous for bears .. What more u can take from weak hands :-)
Zee News do u read our views..? Or they go in vain..? At least reply or a statement from Mr Rohit on our comments
Is dominar a serious treat to Enfield?  Complete different segment
If they were serious it wouldn't have sold it self to Tata in the first place. Now they keep saying all hell has broken loose at the slightest hint of insecurity for the work force.
Innovation & being entrepreneurial only way and hope for India: Vishal Sikka
Public sector bank services is worse ..They(Banking workers cashier, manager) still thinking we don't care if you want to come or *** off ....Ask them when it gonna change??
Americans stand by Israel!
For those who've been waiting to buy Mi India's Redmi 3S phone.
True!!
Army Gen sahab your good self is taking kashmir issue lightly they only need Azadi fm1947
Come on one more surgical strike for next upcoming general elections...
Don't joke around this is serious business so follow some discipline
Of those detained, 31 had outstayed their visas, seven had entered the country illegally and one was working in breach of their visa conditions, report said.
Ask Santa Singh
I absolutely agree. Bahubali - The Conclusion is something India must be proud of. This shows that we're ready for the international market.
Both centre, state govts fully aware of challenges, working together to resolve them: Jayant Sinha
Our markets needed more antivirus companies in the listed space !
but sir, any stock won't do well all the time.. how to identify that if to come out or stay invested on that particular stock?
People don't have rs.500 change whts logic of making a rs. 2000 note
Now  the number is two what is the next numbers
The electoral result is a victory for the BJP: Amit Shah
World 6th largest economy with 300million people still living below poverty line...what a joke.....
RSS success
what is secularism please define
Will u stop applying hair oil...will u stop taking ur medicine when u grow old
Too much is good for nothing. Applies to all.
Govt. Should clear its stand. Why our solders dyieng in our own country??? First Kashmir now in chattisgarh.... What is your action plan for not to repeat this???
Waste of our money this money government give to farmers 500 families are relieved from bank loans
Cong lost in Delhi.MP.HP Assam
Have discussed new greenfield airports with various state govts: Jayant Sinha
Till now GoI has been following the theme of Development through Policy Reforms without giving much thoughts about system's functional reforms. System's functional reform needs digitisation with time scale removing random authorisation or hold up feature. Current status reveals that Digital India lacks time scale. Moreover, till now GoI resists itself from populist policies as populism & development do not go hand in hand. And here GoI has find itself in Catch 22 position for 2019. As peoples elect Government to lessen their pain not for elongation of it. Now if GoI sticks to Development then it has to apply Time Scale as mentioned just with Digital India or if they opt for populism then they will have to drastically bring down scope of Digital India as the count down for 2019 has begun. Next General Budget 2017 (not 2018 or 2019 due to lack of budget implementation time as original benifits of every budget one can get or feel only after 1 & 1/2 years ! )   is going to be most crucial for BJP led NDA GoI✔
Now only at this age i understood tht there is differnce in kiling ...26 Skuma kilings and two pak killings
Hold on to hope.
After 2019 entire capital gains will come to India: FM
It's was previous government who did work ie Nitish kumar and ram Vikas Paswan in railway if Lalu was so good why now change Bihar
Hiii friends  sign up on this link n get 25 dollars instantly  n also u will get 10 dollars per refer so friends hurry up http://payinnight.com/?ref=97595
8505050887#get_immediately_solution_for_your_all_problem_contact_now & whatsapp Vashikaran, love marriage, love problem, family problem, husband wife problem, business problem, child problem #solution_with_100% guarantee
Hi
Both are not even Indian companies with majority stake in foreign hands.
BUY PNB AROUND 160.3 TARGET : 164 TARGET 2 : 168 SL : 158
In other words, Indian Army is saying Pakistani soldiers went across the LoC into Indian side, Mutilated the bodies of two Indian soldiers and came back while no one on the Indian side dared them engage.  #surgicalstrike 😅
How stupid u all can think. It's America not India where the dust and spitting will b all around. Get a life guys. She is representing our country. How lame can all of u b.
Add
give him time bro..hes 5 times opted m.p.. he must have that credibility..wait for the time.
What sense do you make of the rally in tyre stocks ?
Well said!
lol not really true - 10 percent own 90 percent wealth worldwide. Some have the edge - family money or loans, political connections or connections for jobs. Some are born with talent or very smart- IVY league. You have the rockfellers, Rothschild and bush family - NWO. Yes -one can always be better.
That's not evidence David Clark
OMG!
Stop the hate politics against our soldier n their calibers.
Lets make our nation the best  &  let  the world  look upto us
Please join some other clean party.
Anuj what about JM Financial , BBTC and D Link
In the history of India is mostly congress rule .Only in 2 year's BJP is rulling in centre and there is the trimendes change in our country and develpment all over side.It is very easy job to blame any one by human nature.
Nice ..... Movi
Anuj kindly guide how can I enter the F&O mkt or strategies
Absolutely right.
Police might have been busy catching the bikers with helmet and other riding gear on. Coz they are the only problem on road.
Anna's mission accomplished. Bjp is in power 😝😝
My qs is for prakash, Is there anymore scope left in paper and sugar sector for short term?
INDIA TV thanks for spreading terrorism  in INDIA, but for your information this war is not a war of  hand to hand fighting that you are demanding to fight with pakistan but it is the war of Atom bomb and if posible also give one time program of the side afect of atom bomb in case of india and pakistan war and i think you have no knowledge of Aeroshema and nagasaki (japan). and currently you have only two soldires for your Media and after war you will have to received hundred,thousands,laks,etc civilians and soldiers for MEDIA.Shame INDIA MEDIA not working to promote peace and stability and inspiring polish peoples of INDIA for war without educate them about the side afect of war (atomic war).
We will get equal tastes with indian products made thro herbals etc.. soon from two companies.. Baba Ramdev Pathanjali products and Sri Sri Ravi Shankar is also coming out with good indian products.. those addicted to Pepsi & coke need not worry..   it's good move..
We common people still have not realised that all topmost creamy ppl of all the states are one. They dont have any problem. Whichever government comes they enjoy. They fight on shows. Ordinary ppl go and fight and die. The others who realise just sit and wonder what's happening around. Apt caption Incredible India. Forget castes religion language and states and fight for justice. People from all walks of life. The majority is us.
What about CAIRN futures ... i had short at 247.30
4 the Industrial revolution. Concentration on Convergence .  ambani ji at nasscom .
'Central excise grew 31.6% & Service Tax grew 12.4% in Dec'
Enrollments for Jio membership programme to start on March 31: Mukesh Ambani
See the video from YouTube or check today's various papers thousands of people attended his rally.He is not from CPI & Kerala is ruled by CPIM.
The Man who can fight for everything just for our rights....Hats off to Modiji...
Don't bring up abrupt stupid topics ! Our soldiers are compensated Well and also are respected by everybody ! But you cannot show them as the scapegoat everywhere ! They love the country so they are doing their job!!
yes, i want cnbc tv18 to be informative, interactive & fair.
i m Pakistani sad to hear but Pakistani army not involved in this mission terrorism want to fight both countries
Hi
Airport authority work same as Indian Railway in ticketing in formal way
True
Neel Patel I agree with you that They cheat people. I'm surprised to hear from a Gujarati. But I like Modi , He is the only better person in BJP, because he don't take any money or try to his family prosperous by corruption. But BJP is full of criminals and they cheat common people and stand with corporate and make people Fools. They promised jobs, Unemployment rate has gone high. It is said they are looting money by selling fuel at a high price and Corporate debt is cleared by the tool called demonetization.
There is something extraordinary in Trump. Famous American actors, actresses , singers, politicians, media were against him, but Trump won. It seems people have started recognising fake seculars & fake liberals.
Well said 👍
So what is holding you to have men's achievers award aswell... Shouldn't it be a level playing field... or men don't come under ambit of equality?
Should remove from his MP post, no politician is bigger than common people.
Better India should free Kashmir when they can not control it.
Hi Sonia and anuj. Do u think today's move was bull trap? Before election?As nifty unable to sustain above 8550? And what's ur view on IT sector?
If RBI lowers rate but keeps liquidity tight, transmission cannot happen: Arundhati Bhattacharya
People of India want to see reaction of cowardly action, certainly not by words. Enough heard from our leaders.
This whole tax credit debit is wrong, people are dumping thier black money in trustees n religious account where they will get 20% deduction n rest 80% will b returned to them later. People are finding ways :(
Plss share sonia which share you'll give to your bay girl
For small inconvinience why people are crying. Be responsible & support PM
What nonsense u r posting,obama response was classy even do if u dont accept abuse it remains with him.
Short term pain but great future ahead. Way to go Modi.
Gud planear  this person  in business  subject currently
Your problem can,be solved anytime, anywhere within 24 hours by bharo sidhi pt.jk jyotishi +91-8968848458 sp.in love marriage, sotandur, dusman chutkara, gharkalesh,nokri,videsh yatra,factory, shop, losses,,helth,childless,all kind of problems
Now time came when godfather comes and stabilises Indian economy rather than only internal rift of TATA SONS
Mickey Mouse the  cutest cartoon ever happppppy brithdayyy 🍰🎂🍰🎂🍰
Bollywood is lucky to have a brave actor like kangana...
Salute isha zeee.
Must have been misguided by Amb ana Adn & co.
Yash Gupta since we are going to Libera! Research on this!
Facts remain silent. Few stocks doubled after Cyrus took charge of Tata Group
One of the reason  for 400 death per day
Hahaha...gd one Arvind...
Is it right time to enter bharat finance inclusion if not then what is the right time
cycle pedal price -150 to 250 ..others,   snap deal price -199 , gymming cycle pedal starts -5000 rupees in snap deal-kunal would you like to play base ball with me
what will india do???
People sitting  over there are simply shouting.... Just have patience and listen... U will have ur time to reply... If modiji is speaking  wrong...
can bank nifty fall further as it has outperformed other indices?
Bangalore has been always good for its citizens weather native or immigrants, only problem is that people don't really acknowledge the warmth extended by the natives.
Its one lakh fourteen thousand one hundred and thirty nine lakh crores. This is just 15% . Total fifteen lakh crores has to be deposited overall. State bank has 25%share so multiply by 4 it means appoxly only five lakh crores has been deposited uptil now. Remaining ten lakh crores will soon be deposited upto rhe given period of time. Hatsoff modikaka.bharat mata ki jai
SBI subsidiaries are going to merge soon. Would this have a positive bearing on the SBI stock price?
Hermes Joel D'Souza he won with 60-70% of vote but Western media don't like work and his rule.
Oinam Bembem Devi, Jeje Lalpekhlua and Gurpreet Sandhu have been nominated for the Arjuna Awards this year by AIFF
Nice information crickets news
His intention was not at all potitical. infact he says that tinks as a citizan of india not a potical person. but still media has made it political. its dissapointing .
Priyanka has done an ace job! She picked a dress very much keeping with the theme of honoring Comme De Garçons and its founder Rei Kawakubo , he designs are exaggerated and outlandish. So well done PC
what is your take on the power stocks like Tata Power?
AK keeps making mistakes & then goes to make some more!
Pls say something abt the 80c rebate for 3 to 5lac slab
👅 Bot😉 Powered8-| By🌀 Wajid🍓 Punjabi👄 Mehar  🏨 See My Bot Speed 😽 ABP News ♥ c h α υ δ h r ψ s 🌹 β ο τ τ ε r ♥ 🏢 Tuesday : 2 - May - 2017 🏨  Add Close Me♥ ABP News 🏥 Comment Late  23 detik :)  🏪  Auto Comment By    Wajid Punjabi Mehar  🏯 🔎 Baby-Bot.tk 💡
Govt gives more importance to Goa Govt than Defence of Nation
📠 Rbn🌵 Ramgarhia👩 Ka😨 Bot👶 On😂 Top👩 Raha😲 Ga  🏨 See My Bot Speed  😽 ABP News♥ Ana Usama Bot ♥ 🏢 Monday : 1 - May - 2017 🏨  Like Back♥ ABP News 🏥  Comment Late  31 minute :D 52 Sec :v   🏪 Auto Comment By   Rbn Ramgarhia  🏯 ❌ SITE: UnlimitedBot.Cf ❌
Very good decision by Bjp about yogi jee , It is time to show how much  his capacity and caliver ego about country .
Infuse young blood for better performance.Veterans should be given organisation.B'coz old formulas create controversies.Youngers are not so young for guidance.
Amazon n Flipkart will dominate India, may be paytm backed by alibaba n Snapdeal if merged will get 3rd spot
This is ridiculous statement nd Yogiji can never give such statement as he is d man who always respect women as a mother regardlessly she is from which religion.....
While 35 people were evacuated from the bus, no serious injuries have been reported so far.
First make comfortable the literate ones with degitalization then talk about illiterates...
Drop her plane without parachute. She would still make it safely. It will also be a visual treat
I don't understand why I  was not asked whether I want prepaid or postpaid connection when I applied for jio connection.
Pakistan wants war they should get it nice n proper.😎
Olympics are mostly held by developing contries to make a status infront of the developed nations. But reality is the country holding the Olympics gets nearly 5 to 10 years behind. Even Australia suffered, so its clear Brazil will suffer more. For a few medals this much roar is not good. We know Brazil is suffering and this Olympics will just scratch the wound.
This is called surgical strike  Well done pak lions 🦁
Gangs of Dhanbad
Lolz Anand bazaar patrika is west bengal pro communist based not pro bjp ;)
Will see unprecedented growth across airports in 3-5 yrs, will need a lot more infra: Kapil Kaul
It's a humble request to the govt to do something so that next tym this things should not repeat
wats happening with sunpharma buyback? wats happening with sunpharma?buyback? wats happening with sunpharma?buyback?
Wipro IT services EBIT margin at 18.85% vs 18.30% (QoQ)
Very very very good.  Please dissolve CPI M also.  Communist party is a utter failure all over the world.
It is good and hat's off to modi for such decision but very very disappoint for circulated 2000 rs and 500 rs again. It is revolution to scrap 1000&500 note,  at same time not to restart the higher denomination note.
We are with you Modiji👍 ..This step will take our country much higher economically
modi gi dont afraid , he will help u to solve and kashmiri are against to solve this now . dont miss
Is that a surgical strike?? If yes , then shame on gvmnt
I think he is very much negative analyst...even his past predictions didn't prove wrong he hasn't budge on his commentary... Hardly appear on TV now
Bahubali-2 released on the day of Akshtritiya. On that, Lord Shiva brings Ganga river on earth, The first day of Tretayug, On this day Sudama went to Lord Krishna home by taking the rice & more importantly it is the Birthday of Lord Parshurama
great run!! But, what about technical everything is so overvalued. Liquidity is too much. compare the chart of Nifty and crude oil. It's a divergence chart now. What you have to say about that?
Belated happy birthday guys ! Market gave best gift today ..supper run up...can 8250 will be resistance to cross ?
Even after this rampant corruption in Mcd , bjp manages to win then what can one expect... Seems bjp is invincible at the moment
BJP campaigning has begun in Gujrat
This KRK is someone you must not pay attention on . Unsuccessful person was to be in limelight by foolish remarks.
mr.jaitley said few hours some decision coming out .....and nothing in 48 hours ... dont uthink cnbc is hyping the news?
If you donate now then everyone remember who know but happen in 2021
The joker is really funny.
parenting ...? indian versus western ..go to the roots sherin
ARE AVIATION STOCK PART OF PORTFOLIO AS GIUDED BY WARREN BUFFET?
repeating  the news 2011 , 2012 , 2013 , 2014 , 2015 ?
What impact will it have on the stock price of companies like speciality restaurants????
i am micro investor, need advise on adding stocks on monthly basis !
Infact India is worrying about the fate of Kerala now.
Not out means will we c som high in near future
He is trying for his foundation, which have been alleged using poor children to test their medicines and vaccines
why can't we gave the same reply to them .Use rockets, Do the Renaming Test for  brahmos etc
Sanjeev Singh is behind all this
I am clean without cash as transactions are through debit cards I am happy
Another 100 in the name of husband as an added bonus
Precisely
Truth.... It's all about politics... I think mind diverting for congress
You r at liberty to analyse
Gaddaron se to yahi sahi hain.
Middle class is suffering, but most affected are the poor. Hope govt can do more to help the sick and helpless
