Well said sonu..you have courage to stand against dadagiri of Muslims
Now question is, Pakistan will adhere to this?
Pakistan is comprised of fake muslims who does not know the meaning of unity and imposes their thoughts  on others.....all the rascals have gathered there...
Communist parties killed lacks of opponents in WB in 35 years ruling????? ?
Rss is 3 time ban terrorist organization
So funny stupid,,,,,,,,
AAP dont need the monsters like u
Oh Pak army or should say porki hijada army whose country didn't excepted the bodies of their dickless coward army during kargil war,army which submitted infront of Indian army in 1971 and east Pakistan became Bangladesh...And hijada army couldn't even save school childrens from merciless killings and Indian forces really  reached Lahore in 1965..
We want to get rid of u Indians......why don't u hear our loud cries
Loot of people's mandate, is it democracy?
again the same thing in eyes of judiciary he is not terrorist he is accused in our eyes is terrorist and he deserved to killed who ever keep a bad eye on our nation he are she should be killed without no mercy
Dramebaaj anna kya bjp ki government aate hi lokpal Bill aur lokpal bhool gaye baat karne Mae sharm bhi nahi aatee
it's coward like  u who backstab .... just wait and watch .. u forgot the day when 2 lakh porkis soldier were freed from India ... by the way what r u doing in indian news channel , dont your country have your own channels ?
It was mobbing the poor girl.... Instead of helping her... Jump into conclusions ....impulsive
oh...i get it...he's saying 'screw you bajaj, for making me do this'!
Shame shame & then these lowly so called educated civilised popation of Pakistan claim Pakistani army to be professional soldiers .... They true are professionals but are professional terrorists ..... Certainly not soldiers .... Not only India & Indians but the global world is now understanding & recognising them as professional terrorists.
Haram - Pig Pig - Scavengers Scavengers - Eat dead Harm Dead - Mutilation Mutilation - Pakistan Pakistan - Pig
Where is Intolerance indian Groups ....Where is all.khan .... Amir khan muslim...on talking Every thinks....
Pakisthan has got no guts to admit any thing true....liars
Sham on you
And these are the people promising not banning beef in the North East, hypocrisy at its best.
You should not take this guy seriously.After all his only contribution is producing three children.
All Indian Muslims are anti Indians just they are waiting to become how soon they will become majority people and grab India,and always their heart sympathy with Pakistan and out side they shows they love India,all farce.
What the hell is happening 🤔
You army entered like thief's in our territory.  Your army-men are cowards. India did surgical strikes and informed informed your army.
So called seculars ruled nation for 60yrs and they didn't even banned RSS......lol
#salute you my friend
Winning elections is not important but living upto expectations of citizens.  These days people blindly vote for religion not development frankly speaking we need activists of all like minded people who want to experience unbiased development these group of activist should keep a legal check on POLITICIANS, beurocrats to see they are functioning properly and not squandering public money.  This is  only way to save our country from religion based and corrupt politicians
Guess what...  All this happens daily right..??
if they not then their Image will be  further deteriorated
our President has no history like modi who kills thousand Muslims in gujrat
If india can fire on innocent civilians then mutilating their soldiers is fully justified
Mohammad Usman. Get out from my country.  Partition was based on two nations theory. So ALL MUSLIMS SHOULD HAVE GONE TO PAKISTAN.
That will soon happen when china will be depend on Pakistan. Supporting Pakistan means end of humanity
Then what happens in pantry coach dedicated for catering in every express..do we really get food, meal from the picture above when we travel by indian railways? If yes then please let us know the name of the express...the fact is the railway passengers get pathetic food served in indian railways...
What has bjp done in last 10 yr in MCD...stop barking..do work now
communal feelings on peak in so called multicultural country
Pappu is on leave till next election :D
Heheheh how can you suppose that they care about their image? They (Pakistani) are heading toward to sell whole nation to China in the name of CPEC.
Matt Ellis I would not believe a thing israel says, as israel lies like its sugar Daddy america. It too claims to be a country that cares but when you look behind the curtain there is nothing but lies, Hatred toward others and Death
Ram NATH ji Goenka must be feeling shame on his successors...
Not surprised! Perhaps u did not hear d news of launching of cow -ambulance service in UP recently. No ambulance service for poor n needy but focus is on cow.Ridiculous!
Pak Army intruded into Indian terrirtory, killed indian soldiers, had some laugh cup of tea with biscuits, mutilated their bodies and went back to their barracks, now tell me while this all rubbish was happening what were indian border forces doing watching mia khalifa and sunny leone?
Don't u think u r going too far u Son   of a B****........#Nigam
BJP won 81 seats more than 50 seats of 2012. This is not win at all .84 seat win of Siva sena is land mark win according to this toilet paper
We Still support Modi sarkaar rather than Chor Congress...Modi sarkaar is much more better & stronger than Chor Congress...
You can not escape from the sin of promoting this useless fellow
Time come to close JNU  by government.  Why this type of Institute is run by wasting our tax money.  If JNU students have guts then please earn some money then pay your fees.  Why tax payer money wasted.  SHAMEFUL
Lol Indian army 🐶pig army ha world 4 largest and 4 time greater  can't fight with  Pakistan  😂😂
Fcuk off Shikha Sharma
she is just doing a cheap publicity stunt. may be she wants to be in big boss.
That's what happens when you can't discern between a military activity and an act of barbarism.     Remember the NLI, bodies of whose soldiers you refused to acknowledge during kargil conflict.      So, keep your knowledge to yourself and live in your own fantasy land.
congress mukt bharat k saath saath Tumlogo ka v safaya ho jayega.....haram khoro..... 3 Yrs me 5000 Hindu ka converstion hua islam me .....is par kya bologe.....chutiya.  Party of India CPI.....
Stupid survey 👎👎👎
I support his speech, RSS is divider of country, they do not want to stay peace in India. communal
This would be the first time in the history of Nobel Prize that a bitch's name is being proposed along with HUMANS...!
Of course nothing can be made in porikistan except training the militants.that was well known to chinkis & they took advantage of it they r colonising in pokistan looting thier reserves through cpec
Now this idiot realises truth after being slave of a Single family rule , who destroyed our nation all these years !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Also according to her feminists who are ""aggressive"" are comparable to Nazis. Does she even know who Nazis were and what happened during the Holocaust? Is she really comparing ""aggressive feminism"" to genocide?
Nonsense
The country who has an illiterate pm like modi what the people can expect from him  People are dying in india without home and food but pm busy in making adhaar card for animal  It's really a shameful situation for 125 crore indian
#ENTERTAINMENT | After #NiaSharma was slut-shamed for posting a music video, the actor had the perfect response: she posted a second video!
Friends ..stop giving so much importance to these fools...Chachunder, just....
Should be stopped
Congress is f@.ed because  of gandhis, change them make sachin pilot president
I have a very strong feeling that Jadhav had already been tortured & killed in Pak jail.
This guy doesn't know previous SP govt n its leaders r full of goons ....idiot
Ab iski aukaat hi kya rah gayi hai ki BJP waale inki chinta may duble hon? Bus media Abhi bhi inko cover kar Raha hai.
Also using the same while free schedule found phone calling very poor performance and little bit disappounted. Its not understood living in Ahmedabad gets such annoying experience then wt abt small places or towns ?
United nations declare hafeed syeed a terririst Osama was killed on ur soil Malala was atacked by ur terrorists U support terrorist  All fake. Lol
will get Z cover like salwari baba and national award like Baldy kher and rajya Sabha seat like Z owner thug. keep thugging for mire and licking RSS shoes.
They were muslims and they were not stealing cows but you extremism has killed both of them.. Such a Terror country who owned himself as a democrat  but infact they are extremist .. Such a shame!
The U S Government of Donald Trump will do nothing
We dont disturb everyday.
Shame on shiv sena ...he should have been thrown out of party !!!
Doucett Black.  Your atheism is out of place in this Christian Nation in which you live.  Before wasting time dredging up the whole “separation of Church and State” fallacy, consider the words of James Madison, the Father of Our Constitution:  ”We have staked the whole of all our political Institutions upon the capacity of mankind for self-government, upon the capacity of each and all of us to govern ourselves, to control ourselves, to sustain ourselves according to the Ten Commandments of God.”  The man who authored our Constitution did not leave any room for doubt about governing ourselves according to the Ten Commandments of God.  The Congressional records further Christianity as the established religion of these United States of America:     The process of drafting the First Amendment made the intent of the Founders abundantly clear; for before they approved the final wording, the First Amendment went through nearly a dozen different iterations and extensive discussions.   “We do not want in America what we had in Great Britain: we don’t want one denomination running the Nation.  We will not all be Catholics, or Anglicans, or any other single denomination.  We do want God’s principles, but we don’t want one denomination running the Nation.”  This intent was well understood, as evidenced by court rulings after the First Amendment. In 1799 the court declared, “By our form of government, the Christian religion is the established religion; and all sects and denominations of Christians are placed on the same equal footing.”   The U.S. Almanac, while a respected publication, does not constitute the ultimate authority.  Our Founding Fathers, speaking through the U.S. Constitution, hold such authority.  Their position on the topics at hand is indeed upheld by the Supreme Law of the Land, as evidenced by the U.S. Supreme Court.  Perhaps it is you who is “stupid” and needs to educate yourself?
Useless deals.....but it encourages the e-commerce industry
The guy who made  obscene comments is mentally ok . Is it? Sounds so funny ......
Modi knows to talk n thts wht he is doing n giving fake promises. He says that in long run there is good country can any1 say to me wht good he said is going happen bloody blind n dumb ppl I hv ever seen
let our ulamahs anouce jihad for all and c the sea of jihadis againest amirican dogs
Karan Johar world knows you are a gay
http://indianexpress.com/article/india/fatwa-issued-against-reality-singing-star-nahid-afrin-by-42-clerics-4569825/  Dear Indian Express, I feel sorry to write that your journalists are out there to misinterpret events and present them in a distorted manner just to make some sensational headlines. The news about upcoming singer Nahid Afreen has been prepared without proper research and investigation. It was very sad to see that your journalists don't even know the difference between fatwa and appeal.  A fatwa is a non-binding legal opinion issued only by a qualified jurist (Mufti) on a request by someone who is unable to understand religious guidelines whereas the leaflet that is being circulated and presented as Fatwa is just a hard copy of an appeal signed by 46 men who believe in religious practices. The merit of appeal can be discussed on many grounds and in many dimensions but first and foremost, an appeal can not be called a legal opinion (Fatwa).  We expect apology from your side for such a mistake
She is not fit for lPS. An IPS officer should never be emotional while on duty and that too before an MLA who is rudely behaving with her. She should be bold and strong enough to handle the politicians in such circumstances. First of all she should not have ordered for a lathi charge. Women were protesting for a good cause ie, to stop selling liquor near the villages. After the lathi charge, MLA intervened who represents that village.
THIS IDIOT DOESNOT KNOW THAT PRESIDENT IS FAR MORE STRONG THAN ANY OTHER FORM OF RULE.
All Indian army was watching  Bahubali 2/ IPL during Pakistan army crossed the border and killed the Dogs 😂😂😂😂😂
BJP HAVE LEADERS. WHY NDTV IN PAIN  ? JUST THINK ABOUT PAPPU WHERE HE IS  ?
No Bjp's can  step in to our Kerala even modi will get slippers there if he again tries to visit Kerala 😂😂😂😂 that modi paramanaaari call our state Somalia bcos he was not given bra to wear😂😂😂😂 wlc modi dare to step in Kerala again😉😉😉😉
Bollywood Female Actor Kajol Enjoying Beef with her friends. Is she anti national now? http://dnai.in/erk3 Watch this Video. NDTV
So how many presidents will be ruling then Mr tharoor? Even if it is the case Modi is my president not you or any dirty pig from congress.
it is because of ur crap and corrupt politicians who kill the meritorious candidates and uplift the non deserving category , rural service , and difficult area doctors , and finally and unfortunately the result is like this !
What kind of media is this!!first they make headlines of indian soldiers being killed by rocket launchers n now about mutilating their dead bodies....this can happen only if Pak army crosses LOC....btw it looks like a #RealSurgicalStrike with evidences on indian media
How dare you call them terrorists?  They are FREEDOM FIGHTERS, and you are PRESSTITUTES.  #Ban anti-national media houses.
I think sonu nigam has no basic sense. If he wrote about Azan he should also write about the inconvenience caused due to loud speakers Hindus put up for series of days and these loud speakers go on and on for days together. No celebrity of his stature should tweet like this. Some amount of inconvenience due to these small things Whether due to Muslim or Hindus should not be blown out of proportion
N now maneka gandhi on movies wow  its like watching something in india nowadays is also a crime  from further on movies will be on bdsm n femdom to respect women  :p
Sonu nigam is facing mentally problem's So ignore this guys
that is why he described his army as hijra his govt as hijra becuz they were not able to protect their women  in the past
elimenate RSS first than talk about isis which is just started
That is why you hand our your ladies to north Indian kashmiris that too muslims, now say national integration, very laughable
This is despicable n only a pervert will do dis n d pakis r perverts.
Stop these type of loud speakers...
I am with Sonu on this. Loudspeekers should be banned and it should be allowed only by Govt. Authorities when the need arises. No religious or cultural festival should be allowed to use loudspeekers.
Brute...
Thats why he always deserve slaps. ;)
It's India who not only mutilate dead bodies of soldiers but also kill it's own soldier to play victim card it's example is Pathankot , Pakistani Armed forces respects dead body , Do you think Pakistan Armed forces are stupid who mutilate soldiers and handed over to Indian Army so that they can play victim card ????????????????????????   It's just dirty mindset of indian army
Some Rascals r deaf n blind in after the hearing fact in this video n proof given by Modiji. Idiots jus watch n understand if u find him gulity in any proof given by him SUE MODIJI.
I personally feel, Muslims should not live in density in any city or state in India. Wherever we are in masses, these things are taking place. As it becomes easy to hide for terrorists in those places. I may be wrong also.
its imperative upon u ..to learn many things about your deeds  u vivisected this country , invaded and looted it for 800 years , tried ur best to destroy whole hindu civilization, raped their daughters etc ... there is one muslim majority state within india which has ethnically cleansed entire hindu population, u call other kafirs  and what not
All this congress man can is blame bjp... Naxalites is the problem given by congress itself
And what this man did when he was CM? He didn't spare the grass meant for cattles. He is supposed to have looted 1000 crores worth fodder and is a convicted criminal on bail.
You don't need to explain... she f👈👉ked off herself after her charades and pantomimes fell thin 👎
Ok so not using condom is moral, right? No problem if the population increases.😡
I think our Army is not capable of defeating Pakistan...
What's the plan for new ways of working in hrd and what approach will he implement
How long more arsh we going to see these terrible heart rendering situations.
Don't make pp fool they nows u indians is begest hypocrites
He is saying of 1971 Indra didn't do demonetization....sir there was drought through out India....there was not able produce food for one time ...if govt would have done demonetization ..just assume what would have happened....today everything in place in spite people are struggling....pls stop giving emotional speech and don't compare with other past govt......which is not good at all being PM
India is not to Raghu!!! Too much dependencies is bad..... The show must go On!!!
He Congress is the fourth corrupted country of the world
Muslims get every type of support and voodwillto live in the society as honoured members but what do they give back to the society where they enter as refugees, persons in distress etc claiming that their rule is superior to all others, that they have the right to convert others to their religion , rape them   kill them. it is these that makes the matter different for them. Things will be a lot different if the adopt the policy of live nd ketlive.
The main issue behind these shameful acts is radical Islamic mindset .....islam can't digest any other religion this is a fact and it can't be overshadowed by some fake excuses....
Dude you've killed lakhs of Pandits and now you don't interfere in a Bhajan and suddenly you become secular :-D
Muslims needs to join hands with Hindus to build the temple, which was destroyed by a foreigner Babur (Mongol dynasty)
I'm sure other working women's children are puppies or maybe strays, that they feel compelled to leave them and go to work and earn money for their families. How sensitive of you, Mrs.Star-wife
Even the nation doesn't want STUPID and DUFFER like RAHUL GANDHI who  43 and still IMMATURE and CHILDISH by conduct. We need STRONG LEADER who can lead INDIA in positive direction. The days of TOFFEES and BALOONS are over its time to ACT accordingly. WE NEED MODI.
U bloody Fuckstain just wait & watch u kill 2 our respected soldiers now time has to killed 200 ur gays soldiers
So intolerant. When somebody talks sense you try to communalise it
Indians like loud noise  and they speak loudly even they are   anywhere in the world. We can feel it in Railway stations, bus srands, meeting places, religious ceremonies, marriages more over in Parliament, state assemblies, local body assemblies etc etc etc.
#saysiamaproudchutiyawhodoentknowshitabouthistory . U open your mouth only to become a laughing stock. Go read some real history. Not the brainwashed kind. Then you will appreciate the pigsty that is pakistan
First raid on MP MLA corporaters and other official of all on black money
Change your paper name to Pakistan express, there are many important issues don't promote porki beggars
Election commr stooge who needs his high paid and cushy job
Dear NDTV, it's not the responsibility of a doctor to supply an ambulance. It is the responsibility of administration. Stop raising hatred for the doctors.
Shame on Indian Express
Where is that illegitimate kid of john dayal Mizz Gurmeher who till date don't know whether her father died in Kargil or in encounter with terrorist to meet these people and convince??? :/
Bhai.....as the Muslims, not all the hindues hate muslims.....only a handful bhakts cant represent all hindues......we have lived peacefully and i assure you that things will be normal as it was before this jumla govt.
Can the super power nation take the unilateral decision 2 whipe out this unhuman country terriostan country (pak) which has no right 2 be in this civilaised world & encash Peace to this beautiful universal
A North Indian party that is unpatriotic, n spreading hate . Like the Muslims they also have a large base of illiterate Hindus who are being frightened that their religion is in danger ha ha ha !
We already know the difference..plz answer our queries..don't kill our time..
Because you are dalaal
PM cant help his own wife noe he can divorce her. What can he do for a muslim women?
Send warden to mental asylum and keep her there forever
Too many converted minority dogs are barking here .....lol
Lol fucked up fake news.. why ABP news so desperate for TRP..Showing some old video of some other country
You protect cows more than the women and children in this country. Thats pathetic!!
Not only he dashed your hopes but misusing the name on corruption
This budget is loudly saying that DEMONETIZATION was a damp squib. If concessions in taxation is given there would loss of revenue to the government. Unless there are ways to make good this loss, concessions cannot be given. Had demonetization been successful in curbing the black money, the govt. would have had extra revenue to allow concession in personal taxation. Since the concession in this score is nominal, if not negative taking inflation into account, it is written on the face of the Union Budget, 2017 that there is very little success in curbing the black money by demonetization.  On the other hand govt. needed money for several welfare schemes and definite sources to raise this money. Since independence salaried class is the most certain source of tax revenue and thus govt. decided to take it for a ride for another time. The persons who got delighted thinking that the ill gotten  wealth of the dishonest people in their neighbourhood would now be caught, are probably still not aware of it. If they are still delighted by seeing the budget analysis on TV and think that this budget is a great booster for rural and infrastructure sector here is one statistics. Last year allocation to railways was Rs.1.21 lakh crores; this year due to the so-called thrust on infrastructure the amount is 1.31 lakh crore. If this allocation is discounted for inflation the figure seems to be less than that of the last year.
You have just proved your ugly insidious psycopath mind. So you say it's alright for an Arab or a any Muslim to be shot because he deserves to be. Don't you think humans are humans and that they all feel pain?
Belive me nothing wrong will be proved  , useless media  useless  sebi  useless  govt
http://indianexpress.com/article/india/fatwa-issued-against-reality-singing-star-nahid-afrin-by-42-clerics-4569825/    Dear Indian Express, I feel sorry to write that your journalists are out there to misinterpret events and present them in a distorted manner just to make some sensational headlines. The news about upcoming singer Nahid Afreen has been prepared without proper research and investigation. It was very sad to see that your journalists don't even know the difference between fatwa and appeal.  A fatwa is a non-binding legal opinion issued only by a qualified jurist (Mufti) on a request by someone who is unable to understand religious guidelines whereas the leaflet that is being circulated and presented as Fatwa is just a hard copy of an appeal signed by 46 men who believe in religious practices. The merit of appeal can be discussed on many grounds and in many dimensions but first and foremost, an appeal can not be called a legal opinion (Fatwa).  We expect apology from your side for such a mistake.
The Shiv Sena barely retained its citadel, the results for the Mumbai municipal polls showed on Thursday. But it was the BJP’s show, as the party stunned everyone by improving its tally from 31 to 81 seats. The Congress was almost wiped out in the country’s financial capital.
Enough is enough. This is time to retaliate and wage a crucial war to exterminate this rogue state Pakistan from world map.
Another Indian Express / Jansatta hoax... these crooked diversionists....
Sikh should stay away from arm forces. Otherwise their families have to suffer for serving evil.
This is the country of Hindus so.....,it's ok if there is noise in navratri nights😏
Remove Gandhis and remove appeasement of minorities and remove quotas!! Advocate Meritocracy and India will reach it's true potential.
Why go sucking RSS bolls
David Clark just check the U.S. almanac and you will see where the U.S. has no official language or religion. Don't be stupid to argue if you don't know the truth.
That's what you Congress idiots were doing for six decades.you fool this is time for action.Better if you keep your mouth shut.
Woman shame on u
THIS  HIGHLY  EDUCATES  DYNASTY SLAVE  WAS  ACTING  AS  A  ROBOT  OF  THE  ILLITERATE  WHIE SKINNNED LADY  FROM  1994  TILL 2014  MAY  WITHOUT MAKING  A NOISE  AND  SUDDENLY HAS  FOUND  A VOICE???  SUCH  BRIAN-WASHED  HIGHLYE EDUCATED SLAVES  AND  ROBOTS LIKE SASI THAROOR  IS  A  DISGRACE  TO  INDIANS  AND  SADLY  THE  WHITE SKINNED  QUEEN  WAS  DOING BACK-SEAT  DRIVING  AND  LOOTING  BILLIONS  OR  TRILLIONS OF  DOLLARS FOR  TEN YEARS  USING  SERVICES  OF  THOUSANDS OR  LAKHS OF HIGHLY  EDUCATED HUMAN  ROBOTS  AND  SLAVES  LIKE SASI THAROOR, CHIDU,SIBALM MM SINGH, JAURAM,ETC,ETC  AND  WE  MUST BE  ASHAMED  TO  CALL  OURSELVES  LIVING IN  A  DEMOCRACY???  WHAT A   FARCE!
Surbhi Srivastava fools like you and low grades like you need an identity. She is a beautiful women is her first identity. She married a prince who is at her service as he loves her,is her second Identity. She gave birth to a cute baby to become a mother is her biggest identity.  Working in some B or C GRADE company and pleasing your boss for promotion might be your identity but this kind of identity is not required for this great lady MEERA
And seriously terror has no religion. They are only misguided youth. BC who misguided them. If the terror has no religion, than Rapist has also no any intention of rape. His Harmon's misguided him. CRAP!!! I am not saying every Islam follower is terrorist. But why only zihadi doing this.
In any case the success of an artist in bollywood totally  depends on knowledge of their art and sheer talent..nepotism can do only a small favour... thats it!...its only the hard work and dedication which shows someone's presence..... and why the hell kangana has problem with each and everything these days! Karan is right.....if she has problem then she can have many other choices!!!
And yesterday they launched ambulance services for Cows. :@ People has chosen the worst of worst Government.
Fahad such an helpless idiot you are you need doctor
""They (CPI-M) will come to know the strength of the BJP in other parts of the country if they did not stop violence against workers in Kerala""
I cant see why our govt is not stopping the  entry of Chinese products into India which could be hazardous to health. Who is the dalal who is earning money in its import. Shameful.
Exceeding of reservation above 50% will be banned by supreme court .so shut up fools.And if you all want reservation,then don't talk about not living in a developed country.
Thomas Kuruvilla Baven BJP is creating an image with illiterat hindus that their religion is in danger is only a vote gathring strategy.
You sd take care of Farah khan who is out of ur hands idiot.Children are not allowed to tweet over political issue
Trump has done everything he said he wouldn't do. Be enemies with Russia. Bomb Syria. Hound legitimate immigrants. Monger for war in east Asia. Put up with China's trade imbalance and bullying. He is shit.
Anna is a sanghi stooge.
Fake gandhian
Why do we have to be anti Semitic for stating facts. Those murderous Jews stole the land they're occupying today!
Umnn...he should have used the term noise pollution n should not mentioned about particular religious practice.
These days so many things like this on facebook.people harmonies going. disturb.This is not good.If any. Problem from noise then go to the police station.rather on facebook.
Chetan Bhagat has lost confidence in Indian democracy that is way he is surrendering before mighty and seemingly powerful words. Whereas Tulsi nar ka kya bada samay bada balwan, durjun looti gopia wahi Arjun wahi Baan.
Idiot gadhe,  buy all the cows in India n keep it safe in your home..instead,  If u come to my place n try to stop me when I cut my cow for beef biriyani,  I'll cut your cock too.. Mind it
she is screaming like a pig went under the tyre.
N let me tell u ...u r not awesome , u r flawsome kind of guy ...go and get a life.
Gd work done by police who the hell was he a freedom fighter or  a social worker
People of Kerala will give befitting reply to these BJP idiots. They Are wise than other northern States
2 min silence for porkies who were crawling on Indian media pages.   Can't beat us in cricket Can't beat us in war Can't beat us in ICJ   And they wan't kashmir  😂😂😂
Your nation is neither islamic nor humane  So stop insulting religions by alluding to it
Country's mp should be dumb like mammohan singh
This hazare is a mad person...
And also they were from JNU shits
It is demoralising for our MLAs that they are misbehaved in front of the public. Government should take immediate action against Police officer so that others get lesson and in future they behave suitably with MLAs.
Stop Discussing, Stop comments on Soldiers cut in pieces . Just prove it 2 equals 200.. Thats all
Anna hazare talk more and work less where is Lokpal Bill still we waiting. ....
Rumour Express(Indian Express) quoting Afwhaa Times(Jhundsutta) as usual
islam is very peaceful religion and there is no citation which quotes to eat beef . muslims are spoiling islam by spreading terrorism and killing cows .
After the results of UP elections it is confirmed manipulation can happen with everything, even with democracy, after all Democracy is just a thought to make people feel that they are living in a liberal way, but the truth is quite different, it doesn't matter if it is BJP, Congress, BSP,SP etc, politics is just a tool to manipulate.
Fascist mindset
U cannot compare Ganpati to Azan.Ganpati comes once a year and Azaan 5 times a day every 365 days!! Azan starts from 4 in the morning it's obvious that non Muslims and even some Muslims wd find it inconvenient to get their sleep disturbed!! And not give that shitt excuse that Azaan is only for 2 mins.2 mins is enough to disturb morning sleep and indeed ruin the entire day due to lack of sleep!!We support Sonu Nigham👍👍
subrat dash how are you. U loyal n street dog
worst conditions of minority in Pakistan,  really intolerance for other religions in pak
Madom Menaka Gandhi......  kindly devote your primary attention to protect women irrespective of cast or creed or religion rather than DOGS because human stands higher up than animal.
Carry on series... stupidly funny comments on how life should be. By the collective of stupidly serious people.
& gau rakshaks for violence against minorities
Sun of beach
Which terror organisation did max no of terrorist attacks in the world ???? It's ULFA they r Hindus not Muslims.  They did 749 conformed terrorist attacks .which terror organisation did maximum no of killings in the world ??? It's LTTE they killed more than 60000 innocents ( 3 times than Isis) . LRA Christian terrorist organisation killed more innocents than Alkhyda . Have ever seen it in western media . It's a western media propaganda to portray all terrorist as Muslim . In reality there r dormant nonmuslim terror organisation across the world like IRA ETA Antimatter Bala Maoists KKK The raising path etc..
Every muslim is doing jihad against other muslims , that's why ppl die like pigs in ur country
Itchguard is on bumper sale today
I dot approve of noise pollution. But then we have to stop so much honking all around. Early morning a school bus comes to pick the children in our neighborhood the driver keeps honking at 6 am. It's all disturbing. However, I thought Sonu Nigam was less stupid.
Mr. Shashi Taroor...please show that you are more capable than Modiji. The very next moment people will support. Just because you opposition guys can't beat him democratically .....don't talk nonsense. Indians are now very smart. They choose honest performance. And you should develop that field of honesty and capability. Nothing else will work. Make no mistake.
Don't look behind go ahead with ur plan we all with you Blody opposition are dog let them brak
If you are so much disturbed by #AZAAN then leave that place and take place in #HELL
Sayed M. Raza u son of a ugly porki ***""** why don't u start this triple Talak practice in your country Pakistan. And why r u staying in America u suvvar?
By the way who is Shirish Kunder? Yeh..Yeh he is the same infamous guy, who got slap for SRK ? I wish he gets another slap from SRK on my behalf.
He shouldn't be in AAP, his politics is suspect I have always seen him as being on the right of the ideological spectrum.  He should be expelled before he one fine  day jumps ship, yes it will be controversial it will lead to bad publicity but AAP can pull together and be more coherent as a party without people whose natural home appears to be the BJP.  I find his views appalling and am absolutely aghast as to why he is in AAP.
Secularism is downstream to only one religion in India....if u bash Hinduism then u r secular but if u bash the other religion then u r simply communal !!! part ur ways, intellectuals or rather creep minds on their way out explaining how they r great and we should accept every religion but y do they forget that it goes the both way for everyone.....y come they rant about Hinduism and then no intellectual vl come out and explain to respect that religion too !!! Its all biased in our country...
Rubbish India could not do anything. Jaitley should pay the price
Pakistan never think about to do this , stop spreading hatred against pak u filthy nonsense indian media , we respect hindu sikh and every religion in our country stop doing such childish things enough is enough
U cant cos ur a sanghi agent enjoying z plus security,
These people are fooling the poor...And news channels encourages them..Shame on the capitalism
Sundar Kumar Kumar is a sanghi and speaking like a terrorist....
Amongst 10 countries we are the champions and amongst 207 countries we have to search India at the bottom of the database amongst countries which doesn't even have my districts population. Through we say other sports are not getting promoted where sports here mean a battle between willow and leather, which was forcibly created by corporate forces to grow their appetite like how media edits the news here ,what to and what not to debate on.  We here of so many unknown names who have atleast competing with other nations. They come from remotest of Indian villages and not so near from the corners of a MCD's and PVR's. This is more embracing moment for the urban population than rural because ,parents leave them to their passion but urban student gets forcibly converted into an engineer and to an IT professional traveling in H1B. we say infrastructure and bla bla available in our cities but nothing truly came from the so called metros. This elucidates the very fact of the conservative parenting from the urban divide.  Another stakeholder here is the local municipalities,state government and the central government by enlarge to create feeding grounds for the budding athletes,to identify them to groom them to coach them  and to make them compete.  Capital infusion will not be a problem with independent body of governing cricket here alone has funds to buy Boeing. we parents should take oath to take our potential childrens to travel new contours which they have never been.
You are a certified ISI agent working in Dubai... namak haram !
....trying to find a place in Indian MEDIA for free publicity. .incompetent person
mfuk who has done dis.. i know indian express and their background how cheap and poor they are..bika hua media..paid and intolerant print media
this should be a larger issue of our country than secularism, hindutva, gou politics etc, but it very unfortunate that no party comes to raise...
Mentaly sick ,sonu...should sing in temple in the morning...and will not get disturbed by AZaan.,besides he can use cow dung in his ears..for the said purpose.
Shame...i heard news of launching ambulance service for cows... is their any kinda law and order in this country left... administration sucks
He is spot on.we hav had enough of liberals complaining abt sound pollution during diwali but always kept mum on this atleast sonu nigam had the gutts to speak out against something which he thought he was not okay with.i m sure there r thousands like him who r annoyed with azaans as well loudspeakers being played in pandals during hindu festivals.
Khali maa (mamta)  from WB will finish narahantaka Modi soon...
Saffron coloured lotus.....  Vague ideas and imaginations...   Sadly some are born with lack of common sense....
Anna, he is a born thug. I pity that you didn't see through him.
Azaan on Loudspeaker is a disrespect to all religions except Islam.
The RSS should learn humanity, it's they that are behind pogroms in India.  The JNU is merely advocating human rights and rule of the law that's enshrined in India's secular and progressive constitution.
What were they smoking when they decided how to launch this bike :D
Moron probably forgot that if the claim is true he himself is party to it
Capture a bunch of porkies & castrate them before sending them back to their....
The biggest goonda in politics.. the most cunning politician
Right action mr modi new channel dog neta ko show me mt invite Karo jo desh ki sena ke killf bolta hi wo neta desh ko gadhar hi
CPm are the Arabi Muslims antiindia terrorist nexus under JNU dirty guys .
Jude we elect our representative. Average turnout %for voting. Later we blame the corruption
Probably the launch team has got no one to tell them about this worst idea....isn't expected from CNBC
Dont worry the day we will kill you , we will own it and put it on first screen of your porki news channel ...
Very sad state of affair ...when will we become humane ??
The intellectuals of this country could not digest the fact that the BJP has won inspite of all their best efforts by playing majority and minority divide cards. The victory is against their wishes and expectations.Even as minorities themselves accept and welcome the verdict the minority intellectuals within the majority community only oppose it just for the sake of opposing it for the sake of livelihood.
Definition of secularism In other countries: respect every religion, follow yours.  In India: respect Islam, insult Hinduism
Stop reading this paper also stop commenting on their posts ,totally ignore and boycott them
Kabhi to marna insan ko to jang kiyo darne ka maro sale ko
India army should gundown all terrists pak pigs from pok do it now all Indian support and prayers are with our Indian army
same as india doesnt follow Un  orders same way pak wl not accept it
Govt failure sir
Does he ask same question to that Congress Debar man, Mallikaarjun know.
nahaz vai u should  also consume pork to prove ur secularism
a team of people being yelled at by one person
people like vijay mallya and bank officers who entertain his fake figures deserve to be in jail particularly when they looted thousands of crores from banks. His is a worst form of management particularly when other airlines are still afloat, his went to dust.
So? Fact of the matter is Jews look down on anyone who is non-Jewish. Have you seen how they treat blacks in Israel?   They are a religion of racism, apartheid, and Zionist views. Every Jew I know has to let you know they are Jewish in away that they are looking down upon you. Even if you were to convert to Judaism they would not accept you. The Hasidic Jews are by far the worst.
Fake news, no need to react 👎
Same Pakistani mentality
anti hindu express is trying to get something against hindus in kerala after killing of RSS workers by their master communist... so they got this news.... bootlikcer of CPM sponsored by china....
One thing more to all the terrorists commenting here ,if one has the right to eat anything one wants, do i have the right to burn any book in my personal capacity which is owned by me?
Asrar Ul Haq Asrar we r idol worshippers... That's y we pray at temple..  Our philosophy is sakar philosophy And we never support loud speaker on Mandirs.. I visit temple every Sunday.. it has no loudspeakers...
Gandhi Killer Ram (Nathu) Temple in India......  Big Shame 4 India........
Focus on your people not on Pakistan or India saley
Beta it's not bally wood shooting, it's called war. Your army is just like she male army.  O respect and dignity at their own. Don't ever try to mess with Pak.
Yes. Because now bjp has taken charge. Sunny please leave this country else you will be beaten to death.
^EXACTLY! Who is she again? Yeah right, WIFE OF some celebrity. Sorry if some women want their own identity instead of becoming someone's Mrs. ! 😂
Forget and neglect valentines day........on this day Freedom fighters Bhagat Singh, Sukhdev and Rajguru sentenced to death in Lahore conspiracy case and were ordered to be hanged on 24 March, 1931. ... it should be a mourning day for india.....not for foreigner valentine.....and we r so much illiterate that we dance with the valentine....shame on us......
Modijee showed positive attitude to Pakistan with the gesture of going to Pakistan to express the message of peace.We as Indians have learnt to be patient to the maximum until things cross the limits and when it did you could see the answer given for kargil and through  surgical strike for terrorism.The summary is we showed peace as a message through several gestures but when Pakistan kept on nagging us with terrorism that's were we as a country together supported the surgical strike for which several leftists like her asked for proof and had criticised the move.Showing gestures of peace as a country together to aborher country and showing gestures of antinationalism within the country are two different aspects where anti nationalism even through a post or gesture is highly condemnable at any level.
It is shame some MP are not suitable for parliament they only come to be elected for filling their pockets and idiots are paid for doing nothing.
He ate all the fodder that Bihar had and now we see him shitting and regurgitating all around, even with his mouth. Perfect case of dynamic metabolism.
How stupid can you possibly be? Wishing a young officer to be teary eyed?
It is surprising how these jihadis know the words budget, revenue, currency, management......because these shits know only jihad, kaafir, sharia and nothing else!
Lets be honest my friend, there have been numerous incidents starting from Afghanistan occupation of USSR that the US supported mujahideens in the name of religion to unite in and fight the non believers in russia.They got brainwashed in the name of religion under a policy of US.This event created the Taliban and Alqeda supported by US.It stuck them in their back is a different story.The dismantled army of Iraq supported by Israel and US as a policy to smuggle oil created ISIS.Russia returned the Afghanistan favour here.The syrian kids killed and the ones orphaned in war will again be brainwashed in the name of religion to fightback and take revenge.The problem is the US state policy for selfish motives .If Trump wishes to change this parasitic US policy then there is a possibility of limiting this threat.However if he still wishes to solve problem by force and confrontation used earlier, the problem will aggravate further.You can't scare the person ready to, die with fear of death...
Anna lost credibility.
When u operate from Delhi and don't take  local grassroot leaders with u....u are bound to get humiliated just like in bihar and Delhi........
What about Porkistan? Porkis are condemned world over. Any one travelling with a Porki Passport is checked thorouhly in any western Country.
Worse thought process Of Indian express! One should try to understand the motive of this video and it's awesome!
The puppy statement shows how little she understands being a motherhood.... being home maker is nothing wrong...But she cannot disrespect working moms like this...For once try balance home and work ... Then she wud understand
alarm ?? for what ??  destructions ??
Why so, you need lakh of Rs to have descent dinner. Don't you people use cards or don't know how to use cards. Idiots!
Yes he is the only politician who is a very big rouge and corupt and have cheated people of delhi my friend atleast wake up from deep sleep this type of fools should not be a politican they should go beg on the streets u blind man.
Terrorist
In a nation which is overpopulated, why the hell do we try to avoid things related to condoms? Customs? Tradition? Don't wanna follow the customs nd traditions which leads to our downfall
Modi where is ur surgical strikes, what happened ur 56'' chest
Hello sir I have a question  ?  Why media play with the   our soldier   life. This fucking congress  always  bring obstacle  in the process.  I have only one words to says give freehand to our soldiers  and media provide  clue abut the places. Then there will  be a solution.
My heart bleeds for the father and other family members of Saifullah- what wrong did they do to deserve such personal pain. The entire community it's leadership social and religious must introspect their acts of omission or commission that brought such sufferings to this honourable man.
congress can kill people, purchace media channal, etc etc  ........ u all know that
Frank Ezung. And you must be a namak haram  Don't talk about intire north east Just say about your self
Modi - terrible decision with demonetization - war on the poor.
Shame Cpim,, shame cpim ,,,, wrongly expected some real cultural strategy form for society ,,,, wanna spit on Cpim heading India,,, or it may be Sitaram or whatever good for nothing person is ,,,
Your the worst media i have ever seen.
Indian Jallikattu Train PM Massacre......?  Killed Gandhi... Father of India....? Killed 100+ Kashmiri in 2016.....? Killed 100+ Civilian in 2016 Demonetization.....?  #Pakistan Pl Help...... #UnitedNation Pl Help...... #China Pl Help......
5 times. Its an alarm to crores of people. And it will last only 2 minutes and no harm. Its not  hurt like Sonu Nigam's and many new generation singers songs with horrible and terrible music in public places.
How many of your hopes have materialised so far please. Your integrity is now doubtful.
ye ninda kon hai benchod mujhe mil jaye to machod  du iss ninda ki
You are pro muslim pig
This is totally unacceptable plz modi ji do something or give resign from your position. Don't give too big 🍋🍋 to Indian public.
RBI and demonetisetion will only bringing destres in system people are dying no money black or white is bigger then human life shameful   Decision country  didn't know how to rule how to feed people in some days india will become banana country
You characters will never feel happy.  Any where you go and live.
Psycho...
Change Ninda, Forces r being treated v badly, esp Kashmir, Sitting ducks.
Y u r so communalise
Those secular ppl who say wht abt loud speakerw in ganesh and nav ratri ....they just come once a year but this morning sounds come daily....
Where is the outrage for deaths of our Jawans? Where are offers of bangles for PM by BJP MPs? Or don't they care now that they are in Govt?
No they r wrong. She is directly educating others in addition with her add
U ppl throw away kashmiri Pandit from their h omes killed them u talk about brotherhood
""Massive win"" My 7 year old nephew has better vocabulary than your staff posting nonsense on social media😅 What's wrong with you guys?
Will maulana will give hindus to worship in his house.
He is 9th powerful man in the world dont forget it everyone
Er Clive I think you need a history lesson on India/Pakistan before jumping to such conclusions mate.
We have to watch and see how she is going to play in her next tournament after so much fame, money. Probably relaxed, not much focused...
Sure dude we know in Pakistan only brothers and sisters have intercourse (all of pork is bc)
Bhuvanesh Trivedi Utkarsh Mishra wtf is this?  band?
First, stop the black money in politics, don't give election tickets to criminals, Clean your own house first before trying to clean others house. Gov. has the list of names of people having money in Swiss banks and Panama files, they are too big corporates, who gives lots of their black money to all political parties including BJP. No one can touch them. Demonitization cleans the black money from middle class business and not from big corporates who hold assents in $ and ¢
Please do not create more rohith...stop inciting people in the name of caste...stop asking ur acquaintances their surnames...start scholarly studies in univ...esp jnu n the like...getting paid for studying n doing disservice to nation  while enjoying the privilege is shamelessness...none of ur revolutionary moves do ny good to any underprivileged person...they just create sad stories like vemula
Now only surgical strikes frequently on Pakistan sponsored terrorist camps can keep Pakistan Army and ISI on their toes. No more talks, kill any body comes on the way of our security personnels.
Secularism is the most misused word used in India by greedy politicians for political gains
tv 18 quiz is fraud.  quiz on 4th nov is still not on site....how to vote..match is fixed ..inside trading
Nation shd stop every religious noise in fine morning ...as people feel disturbed ...sonu nigam said about azan ...but wen noise comes frm any religious song or pray in the time of exam ...we feel disturbed ...every religion shd b restricted
unfollow that kind bad news channel
I dont completely agree or disagree with sonu ji. Loudspeakers shouldnt be allowed. Plus the argument that same inconvenience is caused isnt fair. Those instances in the hindu festivals are rarely 15-20 days per year. Whereas azaan is given on the loudspeakers EVERYDAY about twice or thrice. But then again it shouldnt be turned into a religion/anti religion debate. Its more about public convenience or noise nuisance.
Stupid statement from an actor. Priyanca is smart girl. Her every statement appreciated all religion. Sonu should read history a lady first lady Indian went out from thia eart and she listened a sound out from the earth. And the sound is adzan. So where do u want to life sonu?? Even out from this earth u will listen adzan everywhere. Stupid man.
Gujratis have always been ill treating their fellow state people just because they are of different faith.  Now see how people r justifying this by remembering kashmir. What a sick minded people.
He is 9th powerful man in the world dont forget it everyone
Bjp got 80 shiv sena 84, it's not a massive win Indian express ... I know you hate bjp .. but please.... don't go crazy
Indians are habituated with is kind of astricities. Show some biscuits they fall in line.
any day better than ur modi style hate politics.
Indian Express is jealous of BJP's massive gains in Maharashtra including BMC that's why reporting this way.
Doubt RBI had any say at all in the decision of #DeMonetisation It was govt diktat!
Here some sanghi undhbakt terrorist still doubts on this father and muslims these sanghi too need same boycott from there community
Yes bloody you will act as patriotic when money is involved.
Bina sahu u r also a non iitian so shut the fk up.
Qamar Ghauri your sir name is not Ghauri but it is Aghori because you bagger depend upon aid of world community and Pakistan is also beggary of Hindu religion
Inconsiderate
New job Vacancy in BJP, they are Hiring ISI agents...Interested candidate please contact to Tadipaar Shah and Kailash Vijayvargiya, Fekendra..... Candidate Ability-He must be BJP member...... Deshdrohi Party....BJP+ ISI+ ISIS alliance....
Headline seems over exaggeration if you read through the last paragraph. This is again a paid news
For Indians killing a Pakistani is equal to killing a chicken no doubt
He must be kicked out of the country. I think he will also  talk to the person who will slap or kick him
we praying because we  love our ALLAH .ANY CONDITION WE MUST PRAY .IF U HAVE ANY PROBLEM WITH OUR PRAYING
Idiot, how dare you to call the CM a Goon? Mind your language and try to live like a normal human.
Neil Khurana not believing in any court any justice system is part of ur thinking as from mao to naxal in india u always maintaining kill everyone who don't believe in communism.......
I jhz dnt understand y everyone target only islam now azaan cum gundagardi thats the most peacefull thing that calm many hearts no matter they are muslims or non muslims churches also plays choir in temples they recites bhajan i dn think that is any kind of a dstrubnc its a faith people keep in thier religion n find peace through that. Please mr sonu nigham if u can't respect any religion thats ur personal matter but u surely got no right to abuse any religion calling it ""gubdagardi"" i hv been ur big fan bt aftr that m feeling really sorry for u 😑
AIMIM is the anti national party their registeration should be withdrawn. They spreading hatred among community. They are not afraid when they ask to cut the heads, support Stone pelters, and terrorisrs, going against Army. They perform inhuman acts against Animals and beef. they questioned the Indian Constution  they demand separate law system, many more.
Islam.is foolish Religious ....No....Proper respect ....in Hinduism all and respect all lord creator .... we have Large Heart not like such Stupid religious like islam who killed own brothers and rapes on sisters.......even muhammad lust about..9 yrs girl...is that islam.... Go....Read To..public vs Muhammad.... U EASLY FUND IN amazon site too..MC
Really shameful remarks......condemnable
Digvijay singh should be sent to pakistan to permanently reside there & keep dialogue with them.
As u r blaming few as hindus. Similarly the anti national dids of some r termed as muslims. Both needs rectifications
Msd can beat Aus.but u can't virat in any format!
when they accept their devils work...I think that is enough cause to get start war.. finish Pakistan from the world map....
Nor the one shooting the video offered help .... This show how pathetic we are as human
indian express is jokeing news
PM has mandated Cabinet ministers to focus on job creation: Commerce Minister
Indian Govt. Is total waste...//// Only giving speech.....//// They can't do anything.....//// Really its very sad news..\\\\\
mr modi and all the political parties donate your income to the poor n fulfill your word.
it iz not what u said but ur ending time is near
People just ignore his Statement .. he's Mad
O wish that son to be a cow .... Really sad condition of my country very humans are treated like animals and animals as gods
Shubham Singh all business are down by 80% and GDP is going down and you are saying India is growing. Check the facts before posting
Modi modi modi .. those who called bhakts are not true indians they are muslims gaddar
Why they don't give same treatment to the rapist also
Shahrukh needs to slap u again??
Army is not raping u fool.u r brain washed..army is there to maintain peace..i have realised thay kashmiris are the most duffer people on earth..shame on u..
I do not understand what you mean by India doesn't have Sharia Law. There can't be any restrictions on Appeal or advise. The leaflet does not name Nahid or any person it just says music is prohibited in Islam which is true We are democratic country and follow democratic laws. Every single time the paid and corrupt Indian Media blames Islam all narrow minded people take up arms and brand Islam as Evil. Please watch Ndtv Prime time by Mr. Ravish Kumar who is the most decent person in Indian Media
Is it availbel in india..plx send d details as i want to buy it
pakistan denies attack... if they had done it, they would have called it Surgical strike.....??.  and this is a big spot in security that the pakistan troops come, kill the soliders, mutilate them, have a cup of tea, and go back very easily.... and different  media channels are reporting there own fairy tails.......
very true.Delhi CM please stop shaming Delhi voters .
He admits it is their govt fault..as delhi police comes under centre
Deport her to canada sge has earned more than required in india
Cheap vote bank politics.
#SayNoToSasikala #SayNoToSasikala
Still u r in illusion. ..what ur MLAs did with Public no one can forget  Which u r telling ur master class work ..women Power line 1090 ...a fake. ..they just collect data ....and solve themselves even don't talk to victims.....there r many issues by which u defeated .....interospect themselves
While its sad to know nothing was done for the man. Reality is he is a victim of lack of help from all quarters of society in his time of need. Not just one community or person or religion. Stop being such bigots.
Chapter of RSS golawarkr chapter 29 n verse 420 forcing on others community of indians to eat what their choice of menu   food should eat. moron grow up its ours India secular and democratic country.!  Your party is ruling in the state of  Goa & NorthEast can't ban beef there and cant ban on export too and here talking to be ban in kerala...hahaha moron bhakto
Israel's days are short. They will burn
U talk too much y don't u stand at LOC n feel the pain n let ur butts burn thn u will cme to knw wat is real ...
don't be jealous sonia from PAK CHINA FRIENDSHIP.don't use name ""PAKISTAN"" with your bloody tounge
Horrible.
Bed  channel. BJP 's
Modi is not only a terrorist, but a Lucca cheater also. What a shame brought to us by sanghis
That's a slap on their unrelentless n unreliable service by these telecom majors... They have sucking the blood out of their customers..
yes ,yes syria ,what about them r they not kiling ,for their religion ?y don't people r not freedom in middle east ,,
PM MODI foolish the people of India by his word really nothing's changed
Like Pakistan itself is unacceptable to the world ? Terrorist producing country.. 😂😂😠😠
7 half dick muslim pakistani dogs are now in jannath dancing with 72 virgins
Yak ur face it's like a stinky pussy Guarav K
Please control your language sanu
Bro impotent like u keep silence why from usa , china , uk hv baan loudspeakers of mosque why every tolerance is expected frm hindus ppl like u r real enemy of hindus
Jay Ledo yeah nice try but you aren't talking to some dumb Kafir who has never read the Koran nor the Sira of Mohamed so the concepts of dualism, taqiyya and abrogation are known to me.  Can you explain why you haven't quoted from Sura 9 regarded as the last one Mohamed recited and the one that instructs you to kill Kafirs where you find them, make war on your Kafir neighbours and to subdue them and force them to pay Jizya? The world is waking up to the evil that is Islam.
I hate u Mumbai
Yeah and you bury seculars with salt .... This was your statement? Right ?
You are stupid . If little educated check fatwa details. These days people make noise without knowing anything.
Shame!!  And unfortunately the ambulance drivers,  the government office staffs cannot read our comments!
he is mad i dont think so he is businessman
where are all the corrupt politicians that keep bullshitting about welfare for the poor citizens of our country? scumbags
Dim wit    she doesn't know only perverts who have no respect for women and treat her as material will rape.  All men are not rapist majority are decent only few are perverts some men even if drunk women fall on them they will not touch her.  And of course all these men watch movies  but they know to distinguish between reality and imagination
Mr sen is a dumb economist & a retard
Bloody nonsence..
Like Nehru who killed Gandhi and his hopes, kejri  to Anna. 1000degree in less earnest.
Please also mention the drunk dancing to Bollywood music during procession.
Does any mulla do hawan puja?  If no then does that mean they all hate Hindus.  #chotiyaz
Coming of age? So much praise for this performance and people used to  made fun of us when we just scored marks to eligible for grace marks.
Parliament has become a drama stage for all political parties in every session these  politicians laugh and shout and fool the people of India. I am against demonetisation of currency until these parties bring a bill to stop corporate funding to political parties and bring lokpal bill immediately otherwise they themself are biggest corrupt people
say something sensible... wrong analogies does not make any sense.
अरे कुछ तो करो खाली हिजड़े की तरह ताली बजाते रहने से कुछ नही होगा। हमारे नेता सैनिको को हिजड़े बना के रख दिया ।
Jai Voiceindia Remove them who r responsible .. In Govt In System In Society .. Never give support them at any cost .. I promise to DAMINI can you..
I don't agree with Anna Hazare. After the movement, particularly after AK making party, Anna Hazare's all comment has been against AK. I have never heard him, speaking against central govt  for Lokpal bill which was main purpose of Anna movement. Does AK is Lokpal? Does AK is important then Lokpal? When Anna is silent on Lokpal and vocal against AK, it seems Anna is in pain and anguish of his own failure and speaking against AK only because he is known and easy  accessible to him!!  I think, Anna comments when a paid media goes out to poke him to speak against AK when some thing like political fight occurs in Delhi between Aap and BJP. Anna should look the political fighting and corruption separately before commenting to media. He should speak about Lokpal only if corruption is the only purpose of his thought and movement....
He is 9th powerful man in the world dont forget it everyone
At least Pakistan didn't honor them with awards like India did for advani
He just want some attention towards him...What else jobless ppl do?
Falguni Ghosh Protik Biswas these who were lucky enough to get into the best universities in India still aren't satisfied - do they feel anything less than MIT or CalTech is below their standards?   One IIT stamp and getting a good grad program becomes at least ten times easier but no these cry babys have to make a rukus.
We should respect every religion. May be he wants to be more popular & make another controversy.
great beggars n liers of th world is porkistan
Jio will only work on phones while the data is on and the phone is 4g. Its bound to fail.Its the most crap service...plus all other companies have rival offers which are better.
Undeniable facts about Muslim extremism:  Direct quotes from the Quran: 1. Quran: 4/89 : “They wish you would disbelieve as they disbelieved so you would be alike. So do not take from among them allies until they emigrate for the cause of Allah . But if they turn away, then seize them and kill them wherever you find them and take not from among them any ally or helper.” [Link: https://quran.com/4/89 ] Translation: Kill all Muslims who leave Islam.   2. Quran: 2/1 : “Alif, Lam, Meem.” [Link: https://quran.com/2/1  ] Translation: Allah and his messengers are always right, and the Quran cannot be doubted” 3. Quran: 8/12 : “[Remember] when your Lord inspired to the angels, ""I am with you, so strengthen those who have believed. I will cast terror into the hearts of those who disbelieved, so strike [them] upon the necks and strike from them every fingertip"".” [Link: https://quran.com/8/12 , https://quran.com/8/60 ] Translation: Terrorize all non-believers and people who do not agree with Islam. 4. Quran: 98/6 : “Indeed, they who disbelieved among the People of the Scripture and the polytheists will be in the fire of Hell, abiding eternally therein. Those are the worst of creatures.” [Link: https://quran.com/98/6 ] Translation: “People of the Scripture (Jews, Christian and Sabians) and Polytheists (Hindus, Buddhists, Sikhs, Jains) are all vilest of creatures that deserve no mercy.” 5. Quran: 4/3  : “And if you fear that you will not deal justly with the orphan girls, then marry those that please you of [other] women, two or three or four. But if you fear that you will not be just, then [marry only] one or those your right hand possesses. That is more suitable that you may not incline [to injustice].” [Link: https://quran.com/4/3] Translation: “Two, three, four..!!” 6. Quran: 5/51  : “O you who have believed, do not take the Jews and the Christians as allies. They are [in fact] allies of one another. And whoever is an ally to them among you - then indeed, he is [one] of them. Indeed, Allah guides not the wrongdoing people.” [Link: https://quran.com/5/51] Translation: “Don’t make Jew and Christian friends ” 7. Quran: 2/216  : “Fighting has been enjoined upon you while it is hateful to you. But perhaps you hate a thing and it is good for you; and perhaps you love a thing and it is bad for you. And Allah Knows, while you know not.” [Link: https://quran.com/2/216] Translation: “Fighting[Jihad] is Muslim’s obligation, even if you don’t want to” 8. Quran: 3/85  : “And whoever desires other than Islam as religion - never will it be accepted from him, and he, in the Hereafter, will be among the losers..” [Link: https://quran.com/3/85] Translation: “Islam is the only acceptable religion”  Pork is banned all Islamic countries, except three. Muslim extremists say other religions are intolerant towards them and they have always been subject to INJUSTICE AND HATRED. May be true, but a very logical justification for this can be deducted by connecting the dots above as well as below...   The Shoe Bomber was a Muslim  The Beltway Snipers were Muslims  The Fort Hood Shooter was a Muslim  The underwear Bomber was a Muslim  The U-S.S. Cole Bombers were Muslims The Madrid Train Bombers were Muslims The Bafi Nightclub Bombers were Muslims  The London Subway Bombers were Muslims  The Moscow Theatre Attackers were Muslims  The Boston Marathon Bombers were Muslims  The Pan-Am flight #93 Bombers were Muslims  The Air France Entebbe Hijackers were Muslims  The Iranian Embassy Takeover, was by Muslims  The Beirut U.S. Embassy bombers were Muslims  The Libyan U.S. Embassy Attack was by Musiims  The Buenos Aires Suicide Bombers were Muslims  The Israeli Olympic Team Attackers were Muslims  The Kenyan U.S, Embassy Bombers were Muslims  The Saudi, Khobar Towers Bombers were Muslims  The Beirut Marine Barracks bombers were Muslims  The Besian Russian School Attackers were Muslims  The first World Trade Center Bombers were Muslims  The Bombay & Mumbai India Attackers were Muslims  The Achille Lauro Cruise Ship Hijackers were Muslims  The September 11th 2001 Airline Hijackers were Muslims' Think of it: Buddhists living with Hindus = No Problem Hindus living with Christians = No Problem Hindus living with Jews = No Problem Christians living with Shintos = No Problem Shintos living with Confucians = No Problem Confusians living with Baha'is = No Problem Baha'is living with Jews = No Problem Jews living with Atheists = No Problem Atheists living with Buddhists = No Problem Buddhists living with Sikhs = No Problem Sikhs living with Hindus = No Problem Hindus living with Baha'is = No Problem Baha'is living with Christians = No Problem Christians living with Jews = No Problem Jews living with Buddhists = No Problem Buddhists living with Shintos = No Problem Shintos living with Atheists = No Problem Atheists living with Confucians = No Problem Confusians living with Hindus = No Problem Muslims living with Hindus = Problem Muslims living with Buddhists = Problem Muslims living with Christians = Problem Muslims living with Jews = Problem Muslims living with Sikhs = Problem Muslims living with Baha'is = Problem Muslims living with Shintos = Problem Muslims living with Atheists = Problem MUSLIMS LIVING WITH MUSLIMS = BIG PROBLEM ***SO THIS LEADS TO ****** They’re not happy in Gaza  They're not happy in Egypt They're not happy in Libya They're not happy in Morocco They're not happy in Iran They're not happy in Iraq They're not happy in Yemen They're not happy in Afghanistan They're not happy in Pakistan They're not happy in Syria They're not happy in Lebanon They're not happy in Nigeria They're not happy in Kenya They're not happy in Sudan *** So, where are they happy? ***** They're happy in Australia They're happy in England They're happy in Belgium They're happy in France They're happy in Italy They're happy in Germany They're happy in Sweden They're happy in the USA & Canada They're happy in India They're happy in almost every country that is not Islamic! And who do they blame? Not Islam... Not their leadership... Not themselves... THEY BLAME THE COUNTRIES THEY ARE HAPPY IN!! And they want to change the countries they're happy in, to be like the countries they came from where they were unhappy!!!! Islamic Jihad: AN ISLAMIC TERROR ORGANIZATION ISIS: AN ISLAMIC TERROR ORGANIZATION Al-Qaeda: AN ISLAMIC TERROR ORGANIZATION Taliban: AN ISLAMIC TERROR ORGANIZATION Hamas: AN ISLAMIC TERROR ORGANIZATION Hezbollah: AN ISLAMIC TERROR ORGANIZATION Boko Haram: AN ISLAMIC TERROR ORGANIZATION Al-Nusra: AN ISLAMIC TERROR ORGANIZATION Abu Sayyaf: AN ISLAMIC TERROR ORGANIZATION Al-Badr: AN ISLAMIC TERROR ORGANIZATION Muslim Brotherhood: AN ISLAMIC TERROR ORGANIZATION Lashkar-e-Taiba: AN ISLAMIC TERROR ORGANIZATION Palestine Liberation Front: AN ISLAMIC TERROR ORGANIZATION Ansaru: AN ISLAMIC TERROR ORGANIZATION Jemaah Islamiyah: AN ISLAMIC TERROR ORGANIZATION Abdullah Azzam Brigades: AN ISLAMIC TERROR ORGANIZATION
you people never work on talents ...work on some chuthiar factors
Comparing a kid with a puppy shows how narrow minded n shallow she is!! I wish she could learn something from her seniors (wives of famous actors but independent with well brought up kids) like Sussaine , Gauri Khan!!  Above all, it's a personal choice of each n every person to work or stay at home irrespective of their ""Gender"".. N who has decided the role of male/female in this world or society? That's too silly to say that if one person tries to take place of other in a relationship there will be chaos!! It's a bond n understanding between a couple which results in harmony or chaos!! Mrs. Kapoor, if u wish to work n ur husband thinks of it as u taking his place then it's ur problem..don't convert your personal issue into a stupid public statement!! A marriage is basically a partnership where husband n wife don't fight or rush into taking each other places but share all responsibilities together!!! One or both might wish to work n share house responsibilities together..or one might decide to work while other might decide to take care of house responsibilities!! You should not be making your personal decisions public in such shallow way!!
How long Mr Feku's gang?
Idiot . All public transport should ban him.  Wer is sena spokesman  and samna paper.
George-  you should not expect better English from a brain washed from Nagpur. People like Abhay donot remember that follower of RSS/Bang Dal donot hesitate to cut the womb of mother and throw the fetus in fire. These MCs can gang rape a pregnant woman kill her baby and Eleven member of the family. They are worst creature on the earth.
Still better than paki national anthem
Selling all the peoples information to third parties, im sure, also gets him a nice cut too
This selfish mad dog who married Farah Khan double his age only and only for money should first introspect himself before saying anything .
It's good time for UP.Let he m go to hell
He is neither this nor that. He failed what country needs and he is also one of the main reason for Kejriwal's obstacles and his fulfillments.Annaji may be living inthe dream while he is sleeping what happens in this country.This is the time for united standing between all parties tosucceed grahan happen in this time
Both Kejriwal and Anna are dramebaaz...
Not only presstitutes sir, our libtards leaders and sickuliar people tooo
Support of the people should not be taken as blank cheque by the ruling party at the centre.PM Modi spearheaded BJP's campaiign at the 2009 general election also when Rahul Gandhi along with his mother Sonia Gandhi headed the congress (I) campaign.BJP in 2009 election just got 18.7 percent of total votes polled but got 117 seats while Congress (I) got 19.3 percent of total votes but got only 44 seats.There is no Modi Tsunami in the country now.Congress (I) is on comeback trail in Maharashtra as was evident in Nanded polls recently.BJP should realise that Political souffle can't arise from the same receipe twice.
No each and every sympathisers  of Azadi and stone pelters in India too must be beheaded
Really Mandir in Kashmir..U guyzz killed n dehomed 5lacs Kashmiri pandits...N destroyed lots of temples ..
Incident really u bakhts r all blind drink cow urine and sleep bloody bakhts
It was a poor one Viru.. It wasn't a Morgan-joke.!
Paris France had a Muslim attack today
How BJP Goon join AAP?
Pressittutes r worse than Politicians ! U r the biggest danger to democracy !!!
He is the best choice for UP after a long spell of Gunda and Jungle Raj UP needs a disciplinarian like Yogi
yes no more soft power no more soft state. an eye for an eye, a tooth for a tooth. we must also behead and send them as gifts any paki soldier or citizen crossing over the LoC. dont lecture us pakis. remember u pigs hid laden from the world for years. the surgical strikes that took out terrorists supported by pak army didnt teach you a lesson it seems. u like playing with fire, as it is your civilian govt is no longer in control and your sorry country is overrun with jehadis even in the top ranks of the army. so be prepared to pay the price. is this what your religious duty expects of you? killing the enemy is a national duty but mutilating and gloating over a dead body ? is that your religion. spit on you pigs. our blood boils at these repeated incidents. just killing the enemy soldier is not enough for you. mutilation and beheading is taught to you by your religious heads???
Politicians basic qualification is to be great fool maker of the people. Better you fool the public the better politician you are. For example Modi and so on.
why all of a sudden he's having this problem , cause not getting enough songs, I am no his fan now
U have no religion nigam 'that is why u are disturbed by Aazaan ,bajan and etc
Respect, very sad that such kind of good leaders get less exposure in India like Democracy where Bhakts are praying Modi and Shah like goons
Its the pakistani juditiary that did you a favour! Indian juditiary is corrupt and cant give such stay order to a pakistani national! 😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂
Shirish Kunder is one of those unemployed useless character who is surviving on his wife's income!!
Its nt hindu state its demortc state u cnt hold any right u r equal undr law joke wt hindus wnt ha to c women body without bukha wt did u wnt thn y u r protctsng agains5 burkha... for indian independnce many muslium fought k mr its nt ur country its evryone's country who are staying here idiott...
Lol modi is being vompared to pappu now ..didnt expect that😂
Don't call him.sir he is booth licker of modi idiot
You can do kadi ninda, :D or arnab can bark on TV, LOL!!!
Thank you Bajaj for making me laugh. So pathetic launch
The BJP govt has gone mad and trying to bring rules without proper infrastructure. Improvement of the quality of generics is more important decision of the hour.
This man is totally useless. He is highly arrogant and is very hungry for publicity. He along with Adhia, Arvind Subramaniyam duly empowered by PM and FM have derailed Indian economy.
Stupidity!!! If only you were this strict when he was alive.
😂😂😂😂 did u say the same thing when kejriwal was slapped or he was inked ?
Very sad that kerala is in the hands of communist pig
U are my role model for years  But u lost it in a minute
No one in india hates Muslim. Please correct your thoughts. You're wrong.
Beat the hell out of this ppl
Shame on you assholes showing some other video and making it a fake news u chooths i hope each one you at Abp news will  rot in hell
Dumb vivek i was being sarcastic because modiji had compared a state with 100% literacy to somalia.
Vinod Wangnoo I think you are Pakistani
Eric Lopez insults are your best reference? Those other 'cultures' did not and do not demand that others take on or submit to their culture. Islam does and destroys those that refuse.  Mohamed demanded all Kafirs submit or die.  Oh look no insults just truth but to Islam that is insults.
RSS, abvp, VHP and bajrang dal must be banned to keep India integrated. They are and will be remembered as most anti national in history.😡😡😡😡😡😡🖕
Mr converted do u have proof that Hindus also consume beef
Why she is crying? She is proud Pakistani artist.  She is not bollywood thing  :3
Israr Alam terrorist has no religion and people like you encourage such unlawful activity in our country.
why not shoot at sight order for cow terrorists?
U Don't have to think what we are.you just drink cow urine.nonsence
Not 1 or 2 they demolished thousand of temple from history till now. That's why we hate them
Its high time wen u start putting Anti Against ur name Indian Express... You suck big time.. we are aware of all your futile and sinister campaigns to demean BJP. The result of UP is a slap on your face and you should take it line down..
Good Job, these morons need to be taught a lesson.
Correct Ahsan bhai, let me tell you no one is supporting kashmiri pandits as they are no vote bank,  but recently govt proposed separate colonies for pandits in kmr but majority community opposed it, they didn't want hindus back in kmr, is it possible in india you will throw all muslims to pakistan, we Hindus are truly secular,  on basis of religion they were thrown out of kmr, labelled as mukbir, kafir and Indian agents
Modi ke sarkar me kitne jwan shadat dege saram kroo yek chota sa Pakistan tumare bas ki bat nhi hi maro ya Mar jao
Lol says a porkistani..y Don u pigs look at porkistan first.. Ha ha nice comedy no wonder inbred peacefools are so retarded because of generations of incest
Only narrow minded ultra religious people can make these allegation against Kajol.  People have right to eat what they want.
the power makes staunchest of  mony mokrss but called intellectuals, specially the film makers or pseuo politiians but corrupt clerks of uno and accusd of murdering beautyfulwife or pseudo sculars,chang their names and kp hindu names lik dilep,ajit,mahipal---the list is long even what to talk of colours
I lived next to a temple for 5yrs, where daily from 6am to 9am there will be bajans going on, but never complained about it. every otherday in india their is festival going on where loudspeakers are used,azan is just for 2 mins mr nigam if you want ban, then ban bajans, all types of loudspeakers and specially late night party where your music is been played and ban music too. Your music also suck otherwise STFU.
It is the culture of Pakisthan to destroy temples of other religion, hence, all Hindusthanis will hate Pakisthan. No religion says to destroy temples.
C'mon Didi if someone thinks that way sometimes it's a choice made out of lack of exposure. She is only 22. She was not politically correct.
2 min silence for porkies who were crawling on Indian media pages.   Can't beat us in cricket Can't beat us in war Can't beat us in ICJ   And they wan't kashmir  😂😂😂
I hate both loud speakers whether played by Hindu or Muslim😣.
It's not Hindutva vs other religions. It's anti National propaganda. Have you seen Voice of Ram's previous posts praising Pakistan? Indian Express, please come out in open at declare yourself an anti national force, instead of hiding behind the shared posts. I saw a few of your posts regarding UP CM, all seem deliberately misleading.   If you think he's so wrong, let's see you give out facts and statistics instead of opinions. Where are your journalists and editors hiding?  Rishabh, what do you think of this post?
Rajeev Pillai.......feekkuuu....you  don't  worry  about  bjp
Ha ha.. It happens when half of the population is illiterate....  And half intellectual blind idiots...
pakis what is else will they say
When choices are based on merely religion, like it's happening with Modi, the clamor is created to hide the truth.
They are worse than Taliban terrorist backed up and blessed by current regressive government... Leading nation at global level. Only solution is execution of Cow-ward terrorist the same way how they did to other. Otherwise India is already in dark ages.. from developing nation to under developed is proof where we are at global level and where we are heading.
I hate these news channels...Saale ye specify Karne ka Kya Matlab Hai k Muslim majority areas mein bhi haare....Ye saale khud bhi dharam k naam pe baatate Hain logon ko.. Saalon statistics batao.... Divisional news mat do....
Dude, please keep your gyan to yourself.    Don't worry you will get your answers soon enough.     Stop patronising.
With latest scheme all politicians monies are saved . And there is no scrutiny no tax. I.t raids and harassment on common people only.
This ridiculous act.....it's illiterates people's works coz an intellectual people goes with honesty......stop such thing ever with the Indians ..... Cowardic organiser.
Yogi ji must pull up act strongly against such high handed& discourteous  MLA's who feel it's their birth right to throw their weight around .
God has more creative things to do than a negative one which make  people suffer. Modi is perhaps incarnation of evil on earth with Amit shah as aide.
^Bengali Moron
Hope Delhi Police will take action and BJP will find a way to blame AAP for it.
U r one buchokd kind of person who just have hatred against a particular person/party no matter what is being said abt you hv to cry ....and if u really want to ask question where ur mouth was in dirt in 2011 when 75 of our soldier were killed in India's biggest ever naxal attack?? Had u asked UPA govt abt it??
September 1965 - When the Indian troops were advancing towards Lahore in 1965, they faced severe resistance from the Pakistani armed forces. To boost the morale, the Indian commander told the troops on the wireless communication that Lahore is only 2 - 3 miles away. At that time, the communications were not encrypted and both forces could intercept each others' communication. One of the Pakistani soldier also heard this conversation from his bunker. There was a sign near the bunker which read ""Lahore - 14 Miles"". He got out from the bunker, took the sign and moved towards the advancing Indian troops for some yards and posted a modified sign there. It now read ""Lahore - 14.2 Bloody Miles ... Jatin Jitin Kapoor do not talk about attitude in front of Pakistanis
I'm from Afghanistan and grew up and living among Afghans Here you will find love for india in the heart of every single Afghan and will find hate for hypocrite Pakistan I think we should not waste time on whether Pakistan is terrorist state or not Bcz everyone knows that Pakistan is not only supporting terrorist but Pakistan itself is terrorist  It's just time to take action against it  Long life india Afghanistan friendship and brotherhood
Come on babe.. heads are waiting for you.. but first ask those generals if they are still alive who wanted to do breakfast in Lahore in 1965, ask them how warmly Pakistanis will welcome you.
Time has come all leftist student should either banned or left our country......No tollence for these criminals..
The harassment took place in the presence of policemen and mediapersons.
Gau rakshaks have got license  to kill from the government. Only Muslims  r lynched by these goondas.
Gods own country is not any more it evils own country . Hindus will be treated like Saitan or Judas.
You are slave of one family...and country is being leaded by a leader in real Sence and hence people like you can't handle.
Yeah, there are people who destroyed masjid also.. all shud b punished,, wen god hav not permitted violence, who on earth are thos people for this kind of act..
sale  sab neta o ko boder pe bhejdo    use ke bad dekho jaan ki kimat kya hoti hai  hai aur hamare javano  ki kimat kya hoti hai  tab  malum  padega pakistan he nahi rahenga
Actually i feel really bad to heard this type of word.
Sanchari Chakraborty I heard this news on ABP Ananda that Bikram and Ms Chauhan were returning from a party and both of them were drunkened .... Don't be so intolerant....
Him allowing it to be aired makes him a shameless rogue huh? If he had not allowed it to be aired, i wonder what else people like you would be calling him? I am not his fan in the least. Just pointing out the obvious, no matter what one may do, society and people are gonna throw them in negative light. Hypocrisy of humans as always.
They better protest, oh wait that just happens in stupid America, because too many people have no jobs. Just busy complaining and walking around with vaginas on their heads. Lol
Byta turkey say jitna marzi kr lyna magar wo Pakistani k liye tumhari maa ko chod sakta gai
#Opinion #Replug: India has a racism problem, particularly against Africans, and it is in denial.
How mutilated? Did those jawan pigs came into Pakistan by crossing the LOC or our army came to Indian Occupied Kashmir LOC? May be doges tried to eat their flesh but they did not like it because those jawans were starving since couple of days HAHAHAHAHA
Most cunning politician he is.  He will do something which some body else will object and that people see him a hero.. Knowingly the percentage limit,  where is the commitment  ?? Fake drama for next elections... And this pink brigade will March again on streets..
Idiot 10/11 bjp in majority.......
Shoaib Khan Lughmani u are from a pakistani city liar atleast change your facebook details
this govt is only about PR and trolls.. nothing on ground or reality
I also seen it...nothing on Kejariwal. ...u dump.... Hindi samjh nahi aati kya???
Now time has come to finish the Pak from the map of world, this is the better time every young man of Hindustan wants to finish the Pak by Hook or crook.
Who is dis idiot?
Lol, which judiciary put a stay? Pakistani juditiary showed that they are not corrupt like the indian juditiary! I bet if were a pakistani in india than he would be found guilty before his case would be presented in court!! 😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂
One gets a feeling that he too wants a national award. Now since he has tweeted against minorities, it will be like additional qualification. Will not be surprised that he gets this award next year itself.....
violence against pests! Dont u kill pests when their no. increases? Same thing here too, where there r 5% 10% pests the environment is clean but ut starts deteriorating  when  their population increases above 20%.
""Surgical Strike"" by Pakistan Army 2 indian soldiers killed.  SnakeEagle Pakistan Defence Command
There are lot of chutiyas who points out 2000 bikes and things. Look at big picture guys.  Lot of black money is coming back to bank . Soon interest rate will be less and less and there are lot of things will happen in the favour of our nation.
When you stop giving bread to a Dog (Afg) ..he'll definitely bark at you😆😆
Situations are different, on the field and off the field. Mixing em up is stupidity.
Anna is a lost man.
Doctor has one thing in mind , health of his or her patient. He cannot let it choose by some chemist who regularly give bribe to a drug inspector. Most of time they give schedule drug without prescription
Simply denying is not sufficient they have to ensure these beggars should not enter in our territory .
Nice joke by our respected president. There is poison content in the roots of tree called India.Unless that content is removed, we can expect happiness only in words not in reality.
Ashish kr I have talked of cyber crime and not of criminal taking money physically after withdrawing from the bank. Don't negate an idea by foolish example even without understanding an issue.
Fake publisity nothing else, ,
Bihar ke Kitne now jaban hai sb ko lga do duty Pakistan ki Bahan chud jayegi
This woman thinks spending an hour with one's own kid is a choice. She annoys me.
Chronological of events of past few days (Is this a secularism?)...  - The rape of a six-year-old girl in an East Bangalore school has raised questions as why rapist had been free under appeasement policy? (Congress Govt, Original Party of Secularism)  - In Meerut case, it is a clear cut case where Multiple Madarassa involved into heinous crime but no action not even discussion... (UP Govt, Secular Party and baby of Congress)  - Kerala Vande Matram Kand.  - Now latest Faizabad brutal rape and murdered case, It it much more brutal than NIRBHAYA case and five people had involved into heinous crime but only one has been arrested why? (UP Govt, Secular Party and baby of Congress). It is amazing that TOI prints a very small news on 13 page dated 19-Aug-2014, hilarious part is this very same paper claim Leader of secular bogie but whole secular Media has discuss issue at length of ""Muh main roti dal dee"" kand of shiv sena MP, The MP was frustrated on the quality of food without knowing the religion of the person. http://www.bhaskar.com/article-ht/UP-LUCK-fizabad-girl-kidnep-gangrape-dead-latest-crime-news-4715778-PHO.html  - Yesterday, Loni, Ghaziabad case, where 10 girl has been allegedly Raped by other community person of age 57 years and Police say the case appears to be one of molestation (UP Govt, Secular Party and baby of Congress)  These all are just week's or 10 days news.   Nation should stop responding to criminals based on their religion rather than crime intensity.
His frustration of being jobless nowadays pushes in such a deep shock,
Person who himself has been thrown out from his post is advocating and giving expert opinion on international issues .
U people do it all da tym...u don't hv anything else to do...except religion.
Indian Democracy - highly educated officers have to listen to filthy MLA goons
Azaan aur Namaaz aur Prayer everything happens at its time. You should do your time management rather than targeting any religion..
I m sending my dick for yor daughter. .. she's gonna love it...
Totally wrong decision
I can not understand why Hindus object any one eating meat, beef, pork, chicken, etc. We the human beings are made of flesh, we eat food with our tongue of flesh, we produce children out of sex with flesh of man/ woman, the whole of our lives are around flesh when it comes to eating flesh may be any kind then a Hindu finds it against his religion. It is God of Hindu who made him/ her of flesh .????
This old venomous fellow is promoting terrorism(BJP) in India 😡
Plz. Don't forget your UPA1 and UPA2 ,atleast country moving towards constructive direction under one person , your time was the worst and disaster move of country under one family...
modi should learn from great leader still busy saving cows and killing innocent
Grow up from ur radical RSS mentality man
She instead of talking against ABVP should have told those fit for nothing jnu students that she would like study and not talk so much nonsense
Kejri comes from the I.T. Department - one of the most corrupt dept in India - so Kejri is well versed in corruption.
He is 9th powerful man in the world dont forget it everyone
What about Goa please ????? This is for only 2019 . Chaddi dharis have no respect for cow . Had it been so they would have banned in Goa and North East. THIS IS ONLY election purpose for 2019 and nothing else .
If thy did why denying n no other big countries supporting this surgical strike like thy supported whenindia did.  Now it's nationalist Hindu baniya gov beware wht game playing. Use you brain alteast
Media is no more ,  media is Randia (prostitute)
Shame on Paytm ,Reliance Jio Money ,Visa and Master  for thriving on the misery heaped upon over a population of1.25 billion by this insensitive government  to make money.Is it Corporate Social Responsibility (CSR) which is a buzzword these days.
Yes, Pakistan army first targeted them with rocket launcher then crossed over into Indian territory, mutilated the bodies of Indian soldiers and then came back safely. How stupid and idiot the Indian people are.
Another idiot
today your so called freedom fighter killed 5 kashmiri policemen and 2 bank official..in attempt to loot cash from van. what will u say...do u support this act of your freedom fighter
Now public is tired of his fake claims. He has everything sensational to speak about corruption but has no evidence at all. He is making public fool like his boss. He is breaking his silence in parts to remain in media and publicity. Why did he brake his fast if he is genuine. One can also see from his language with media like ""meko kya pata"" ""mereko kush pata nhi"" etc...this is the language spoken by taporis only as AAP people are full of tapori people...Please do not trust him...
Modi is Dictator ...uneducated with fake degree feku ..he can't digitilise PDS leakages which is basic structural reform but doing the which is not necessary
As Hindu nice girl don't be emotional fool.sister wake up.
Yes, Pakistan army first targeted them with rocket launcher then crossed over into Indian territory, mutilated the bodies of Indian soldiers and then came back safely. How stupid and idiot the Indian people are.
She will build few more statues, send plane to get her shoes and everything will be all right because she is a dalit.
They cannot do dat becoz den porks real face will expose to the world nd der boss china will hav bad impact around the world so dey will nt go aginst china bcoz the bhik dey get will be stopped.
dnt workk for an arab ,
u r still in the dark age... God only knows when renaissance will give you it's blessing
Pigeral : If you have problems with Muslim Azan then you must have problem with Hindu Aarti too. Both cause noise pollution.   Agniveer : There is difference.  1. How many times have you woken up at 4:30 in morning because of noise from Hindu Aarti in temples? Zero.   How many times have you woken up at 4:30 in morning because of noise from Azan in mosques? 365 times in a year (if you live within 5 km radius of a mosque).   Zero vs 365 settles everything.   Even if Aarti loudspeaker in your locality starts at 4:30 in full volume, you can simply go to the priest and he will reduce it. Just try doing it with a Moulvi in a mosque and see if you come back in single piece.   Pigeral : Huh, and what about your Ganesh Yatra, Hanuman Yatra? Don't they make noise? Stop them.   Agniveer : How many times in a year do Ganesh Chaturthi and Hanuman Jayanti come?   Pigeral : At least 10 days.   Agniveer : And how many times does Azan happen on loudspeaker in a year?   Pigeral :   Agniveer : Why silent? Let me help you. 365*5 = 1825. And then in addition, there are rallies, bike stunts, processions etc on Prophet's B'Day, Eid and Muharram etc.   So it is 10 vs 1825+. Are 10 and 1825 same?   Pigeral : Wrong is wrong. There is no bigger or smaller wrong.   Agniveer : Ok then, your 34/36/38 waist size is also wrong. Come to shape before commenting on our concerns on Azan.   Pigeral : How can you compare my personal fitness issue with an issue of 20% minorities?   Agniveer : Same way as you compared 10 with 1825+.   Pigeral :   Agniveer : Why silent?   Pigeral : Look, you can't interfere in others' religion. India is multicultural society. Every religion has equal rights.   Agniveer : Equal rights? Do we have equal rights? A Muslim can marry 4 women at a time and divorce them at will. A Hindu is jailed for doing same. Where are equal rights? And where are equal rights for Muslim women? You just need equal rights of noise. And you don't care about plight of 10 crore Muslim women?   Look, equal rights come with equal responsibilities. You follow equal laws, you will get equal rights. You act as some special hero, your a$$ will be kicked.   And finally, there is another solid difference. There is strong correlation between density of Azan and terror. Find out the places on earth where   1. Azan is maximum (lets call it Place 1) 2. Aarti is maximum (lets call it Place 2)  Then find out how many world's top terrorists/terror organisations do Place 1 group and Place 2 group produce. That is the ultimate litmus test on which noise is dangerous and which is harmless.   Pigeral :   Agniveer : Why silent?   Pigeral : Who are you man?   Agniveer : A proud Hindu. A proud idol worshipper. A proud Jihadi-hater. A proud Indian. Agniveer is the name.   ~ Vashi Sharma Agniveer
Reduce Government misc expenses first.
If there is sound of thunder then to whom he can blame
Rajkumar Panthoiren Only for moronic idiots like you, I wish u were born in cambodia and were killed by communists like they did with 1/3rd of population, that too with sticks and machette would have been fun to watch u defend marxism then.
BJP is only interested in cow protection. Meanwhile a woman was brutally raped in Rohtak in Haryana. They're not bothered about that. Useless party
He is 9th powerful man in the world dont forget it everyone
Many muslims in India name only Muslim but they dont know anything about Islam
30 sheet only
I think Indian Express team is working only in BJP ruled areas and pointing out each and everything against the BJP ruled states  If anyone feels what I am telling is wrong  Request you to plz check this page of all reports u will find only BJP against news
Why they are wasting the milk respect is given by the heart not showing all this nonesense😫
Why does BJP have objection on seems like everything ? Irritatating fact !
Poor infrastructure, sincere less and inefficient, even ignorant  teachers, and without professional supervision and up gradation!
Pakistani think they're innocent mc
At last there is some support for Congress! But from the newspaper, which no one buys. Which is far away from logic & reality.They just ignore it like they ignore Rahul Gandhi & Congress. I seriously have doubts on the name of this newspaper. They must rename it Anti BJP Express 😂😂😂
#ENTERTAINMENT: We know #KanganaRanaut left you baffled if not angry and we know exactly why. Karan Johar
E sale maderchod media valo tumari MA ki chut ab tumlogo ko yha btaya jaye ki kese jvab Dena h chutiye tum log desdrohi ho
Pakistan has not accepted ICJ like india did in 1999
Hypocrisy is not only owaissi's stuff. Bjp's also
just look at their history how one wardlord has become their main leader and after his death what they did . who were their khaliphahs and how they were killed and how they came to our land and destro;yed our temples and culture . they are nothing but invaders and uncivilized inhumans. so what can you expect from devils. and specially pak punjabis. they are the main source of terrorism in our country. we can respond in their way. why do we bury their terrorist just if they dont accept them to be their own. give those to fire during their cremation. burn them to ashes. and they only know the language of war. you can try to have a word with them . i assure you that never can bring results they have the blood of cruel isis kind of invaders like qasim , gauri and khilji or taimur. they just need to be responded like russia , usa or israel do. if india wont do that. thats liek a virus incurable. all the others expect muslims wanna live a life but life of muslims start after they die . so how many qafeers they killed or converted is the bassis of getting their khuda. oh sorry wrong word . now their khuda is branded as new arabian Allah. so that is the basis of how much they get closer to Allah and how many hoors they get in jannat. they dont have to take anything of humanity. their is no such word in arabina dictionary called humanity . i think its so good that a country like usa or israel is there on earth to stop such devils. we are with israel and usa.
actullay he is mentally retarted person ,he should be bring in kashmir so that a good leson will be taught to this rascal.
sham on this man  how people like these become ministers
great decision...will send a signal to all power hungry people wanting to jump to AAP
Idiotic news. Nobody literally cares about the British royal family. These people enslaved India for 300 years and randi TV is busy orgasming over their baby pix! Shame on randi tv's colonial hangover
So, she means to say that the baby is like a puppy to the working parent. Who has to go to work. Isn't her husband a parent to her child too, or is she the only parent. Then according to her statement Shahid should also sit at home. Being a Homemaker is not an easy task. But, this is a very stupid statement.
I'm not Pakistani. There is no scientific documents to support your claims with cousins marriage. While there are community among Hindus who have marriage with mama(maternal uncle) which is direct bloodline with mother and is regarded as incest.  Cousin on other hand have different bloodline as their fathers are different. Let's not play holy.  Btw, you have deviated from the topic!
Mr chuthiya what abt Malaysia Indonesia turkey Kosovo ????
Ask chutyia Modi and those gandoo,s who were worshipping Trumph,s photos.even gandoo media like Zeenews times now were happy over his victory.
Congress is much better than terrorist BJP.. The present govt of India only knows to provoke.. spread anarchy.. to create tension between the two countries... Will this atmosphere b good for the people of sub continent..
Diggi is enough to bring congress all time low....Thank you
more than his tweet ..News channels are creating more controversies and fights..
RSS should be declared a hindu terrorist organisation.
Who cannot understand Hindi then go to your country . Indias national language is Hindi n not English or Urcu
Shamvil Hasan Kazmi There he used centuries. Not century. So centuries means not one. And 140 years isn't even 2 centuries. Your comment is as codswallop as you nimcompoop.
Its fake. Indians nothing have to say except barking. Read the reality.  https://m.facebook.com/story.php?story_fbid=1829962477020770&id=111457038871331
Market is going to rise...ur predictions are never correct...so dont spread lies...
beta if your soldiers had the guts then they had not been beheading on continuous basis,
Correpted
Hi guys.. is it good time to invest in Money Market fubds as the banking deficit looks pretty good??
What is secularism?  Is it appeasing other communities at the cost of Hindus? These people are ashamed of their Hindu heritage
2 wrongs don't make one right. All these malpractices in the name of religion should be stopped.
You have dung filled head man . you are offending all with the last name kejriwal.
Hah! How have the mighty fallen! #ShameIE
Vikas Agarwal - Your speaking skills are so poor !! Who made you the GM of OnePlus India???
I hope Sonu Remembers Shahbaz Ali Sayyed...the boy who helped him when he was in disguise as a Street Beggar!  I hope that was not Gundagardi but compassion.. Had lot of respect for Sonu Nigham but I pity his illogical and baseless comment that should have no place in a country like India.
Where is intolerance group who returns medal's and news group.
Already there is a big terrorist oganisation exist RSS and affiliate group those from you belongs
These all happen with absolute knowledge of the oil companies sales managers. Why didn't they take it for any actions?
Boycott Chinese goods ,China is a constant bully for India, they are using Pakistan and backing Pakistani terror put fits against India , they have blocked Indian NSG bid , more importantly they have stolen 80 thousands of skms of Indian land , china is dumping their products to destroy Indian domestic industry as they don’t want India to grow economically , there fore we want XI JIN Ping must go back
How will posting HUGE AMOUNT help any party? Its just a matter of 36 hours before the truth would be on the table. Stop posting stupid stuff
What rubbish. Foolish people fall in trap very easily. Believe rumors. The plastic rice and vegetables are much more expensive then natural ones. Nobody is selling plastic rice. This is just rumor..
Anti-national presstitute got seriously butt hurt. Pls sleep naked on a ice water filled water bed if burnol does not serve its purpose.
What he said 100 % agreed..think about country..leave these bloody politician who spread hatred and appeasement politics to divide us..hindu muslim sikh isai come forward unite us for betterment of country.
hahahahahahhahahaha india is trying to entertain there stupid idiot nation
OUR TWO HEAD DIE  BUT  200 HEAD TO DIE URGENT BASIC
Pity the people of Pakistan. They beleive in whatever lies their army and government peddles. Sartaz Aziz himself said in the parliament that we don't have any evidence against Jadhav. Based on a doctored heavily edited video under coercion,you beleive him to be a spy
Is video me usne modi ki sachai btayo wo salon sunai nahi di tumko.. harami media
What's wrong with muslims.it's impossible for any country to live with them.the country who accepted these people are now facing terror
this is the reason we don't see any muslim girl on reality shows of dancing and singing...they just want to cage them and want to use them as children manufacturing machine....HUGE SHAME.don't know how to eradicate such people.more than 10 Muslim clerics on national media openly said that Islam doesn't permit such things and it is haram...Now tell me is this 14th century or we are living in Saudi Arabia?? if not,then send these fanatic pigs to Saudi Arabia as early as possible and then both Hindu-Muslim brothers will live in peace.
Morons like you are the product of incest and inbreeding among cousins
What rubbish? What are they supposed to do? Shut down their operations? Shouldn't they make money, plough it back into innovation for next gen products and create shareholder's value? If they were to do total charity, whatbis their incentive to take risk and start business? And how are they thriving on misery? Ibthink they are giving wonderful outlet and platform and there is civil rest and order because of digital platforms... are you ""didi"" or ""khujli"" in disguise of whatever your profile name says? Only they can talk such idiotic thing
. WB politics is ugly and is at lowest ebb of public conduct: if Mamata shoves 'bamboo' from public platform, some nincompoop calls names: 'chakkaa' to CM! . You get what you sow! 🥊🌶👞
What the hell. how can they compare a bad looking expensive bike with bold and beautiful Enfield.
Bjp has shown Uddhav itz place ! 😂😂 Lions got tamed by #Namo 😎
We keralites love and respect every religion and culture. Irrespective of religion and political preference, everyone in the state will be against this fascism. If BJP seriously want a political stand in Kerala,then they have to play by our rules. Seriously these kinds of gimmicks are not gonna work with us.
This type of Media, divides India. They are as responsible as those Kashmiri Separatists.
Who is this jobless idiot? What are his achievements?
In this jungle raj anyone is able to take law into their hands and loot and murder. What has this to do with the freedom movement. She obviously does not know anything about freedom mevement. The fellows who call themselves nationalists today were coverting with the britishers.
Totaly cheap publicity because hee is frusted lack of work
Doggy should be sent to pakistan for talks with hafeez massood ajhar Isis and dawood.  They will send him to his dear osamaji
No they don't bear with it
1st arrest then gather proof in 12 years.ruins youths life government policy for muslims.
Indian Express modi hater
Biggest Loot in d history of India. Pls ask Modi ji to declare from where BJP Funding is coming is it not d black money which they convert it into white because they don't need to give any proof from where this money come from!! 😡😡😡😡😡 Modi is fake n big hypocrite
We give u place to live and now u r talking against Pak. I m also from Afghani tribe. I hate India and Afghani like u. Go to hell Ahmedzai
This is not culture..this is immoral pictures depicting the ill mentality of artist about women
does modi has guts to take out the black money from adani and reliance grp
You bankers deducted my money ₹ 560 from my account for online shopping and you are thieves not a bank.
Its because she is a girl. Before this how many such fatwas were floated by these so called islamic protectors against muslim male singers in India ?
Shri Vaishak S  are we living for tit for tat? its same everywhere in the country as well around the Glob. NE just an example of our own.
it's good u r a home maker..but ur thought process needs to be refined..it stinks
Like mulla have copyright of green colour....who the hell r u bakchod?
Temple in Kashmir u must b joking
appartments are not selling ...do not force us to buy for the sake of sales ---we are not the slave of the bankers and govt -come cnbc tv 18 lets do fencing
Shame on him He shows the mentality of congress who has ruined the country
Look who is talking :)  Last year, the singer, was caught in a controversy over singing on a Jet Airways flight using the airplane's public announcement system. As a result of his nuisance, the aviation regulator and the airline suspended five cabin crew members .
I condemn..such acts..its written..in holy quran..dont break temple n monastries...shameful incident
azaan ends in 3 minutes nd    noise nd air pollution of vehicles disturb me throughout the day. So ban vehicles  too
A way to cause destruction between the pious relationship between Hindu brothers n Muslim's such coward people don't deserve to be here... peace hater's.... instead of banning loudspeakers u should try to impose ban on alcohol 'a social evil which u drink on large quantity... u should ban on nudity  of Bollywood movies which cause increase in social crime....
Shem
Mr. KRK is not capable to understand the film Bahubali.
and we give this banana in the gand of endian randians
We need to give them choppers! Militia believes in escalation of violence. Red flag the zones and rest of it can be manned by the paramilitary. Our suggestions only provide a lateral thought to the whole conundrum.
One community has started killing humanity in the name of Cow as one community was killing humanity in the name of Allha seems we Hindus too has started humiliating humanity
Yes we  remember u r biggest terrorist country in the world..& u will do anything against humanity !!
Wife of shahid kapoor...go and get your own identity first...not everyone is as rich  as u r !!
Height of stupidity
Pakistan made mistake by giving access to Afghanis when Soviets were there...next time it wont happen
Very pathetic
Most important in marriages a group of people hijack the road and dance on road with high volume of sound. It not only disturbs  people residing near by but also disturbs movement of traffic. It should be stopped first.
The people who hate Modi are most of corrupted or illiterate
You are Sanghi rightfully
Earlier it was  one woman rule which is till date continue in corrupt criminal scamsters Congress party.
best solution is shutdown JNU. no need to waste Indian taxpayers money on this antinationalist student.
What was their business? Oil black marketing. Bloody thieves just defaming Islam.
Killing wife isn't issue in Modis rule...issue is triple talaq...
America n Russia both doing the rt thing n hv common goal... .. .. ..destroy Syria.. .. .. Keep it up
Ppl like u,  takes country back.  To understand PM's thought process u need to have vision. Unfortunately ppl like u doesnt have that vision and happy in living they way live  since independence.
Moral and Kejriwal are you joking.
Paul Manish ask ur mom who's ur father he's a Muslim only hahahahaha 😂😂😂😂
Well said.... Now sonu not having  songs to sing... Like road side father he is singing his old songs.... Let give some rupee coins to this fakeer. Chief publicity, mentality person is sonu nigam
Ban loudspeakers at religious places like temple,mosques,gurudwaras etc, ban crackers during diwali or allow eco friendly crackers. Allow only skin friendly colour during holi.  Religion and devotion should be limited to oneself. It's effects should not be imposed on others in the name of secularism.  Actually Sonu Nigam raised a good issue. It is just that he told about only one community, so people are overreacting at what he said. Please let the country run by common sense instead of religion.
Mr Gaskin Jews are not murders and they have had that land since the Old Testament,Exodus is a clear fact and you sir are anti Semitic and wrong,
Indian coward army deserves it because this army of lady boy's army which kill innocent civilians in Kashmir so no sympathy no mercy because today's India is extremes wild dog of modis terrorist India.
Thats the gods honest truth.  She is a loony!!!!!
Wipe out Pakistan .. main culprit for all this disturbance
Where is UNO, UNSC, OIC ,  ? Look at this bloody pigs who r killing innocents on the order of Gaylani and pakistan. Look at the real face of this freedom fighters coward. Whole international community should look the real face of Kashmiri terrorists and fake freedom fighting.
All the porkis...learn a word ""BESTI"".
I am happy to see officer in tears. The police becomes so aggressive and abusive when some poor, helpless common men come before him. Without listening they start thrashing to aam aadmi. When such goon behaves in this manner they now realised plight of poor man. This lady does not deserves police uniform, better she be posted in HQ, a peaceful tenure.
I am enjoying reading the comments. What kinda name is Dominar
THE SIKH GENOCIDE OF 1984  THE VERDICT DELIVERED IN THE NARODA PATIYA CASE IN THE ANTI MUSLIM GUJARAT RIOTS OF 2002 IS A WELCOME ONE, BUT UNFORTUNATELY FOR THE VICTIMS OF THE I984 SIKH GENOCIDE WHICH HAPPENED AFTER THE ASSASSINATION OF THE INDIAN PRIME MINISTER INDIRA GANDHI BY HER 2 SIKH BODYGUARDS IN RETALIATION FOR OPERATION BLUESTAR, JUSTICE IS YET TO BE DELIVERED. Though Indira Gandhi has been rated by you among the greatest Indians, but I don't feel she has done anything Great to be on this list. We Sikhs don't hold her in high esteem. HOW CAN YOU CALL HER A GREAT INDIAN WHEN SHE IS RESPONSIBLE FOR THE UNACCOUNTED DEATHS OF THOUSANDS OF INNOCENT SIKHS WHO ARE A MINORITY COMMUNITY? She only created Bhindranwale to counter the Akalis in Punjab & is responsible for the rise of Religious Extremism in the state AS PRIOR TO THAT, THERE WAS NO RELIGIOUS EXTREMISM IN PUNJAB. Even after her death, 20,000 Sikhs were murdered all over India (4,000 in Delhi alone) from 31st October till 4th November 1984 in a cold blooded Genocide led by the SECULAR CONRESS PARTY OF INDIA. Sikhs were burnt alive in front of their families, women were gang raped & their property was set on fire. The mobs were laughing as they were killing the Sikhs. The goons were led by local Congress MPS with Govt voter lists in their hands to aid them in finding Sikh houses & properties & were exhorting non Sikhs to kill as many Sikhs as possible. The local Congress MPs even gave the rioters money telling them that the person who will kill the maximum number of Sikhs will get the greatest amount apart from other incentives. From Oct 31 till Nov 3, blood curdling cries of “KHOON KA BADLA KHOON SE LENGE – WE WILL AVENGE BLOOD WITH BLOOD” were broadcast on Delhi Doordarshan & even the renowned actor of Bollywood, Amitabh Bacchan was instigating the people to kill the Sikhs. The Congress was in power at the Centre at the time of the Riots, & P.V.Narasimha Rao was the Home Minister, but he did nothing till Nov 2 despite knowing about the carnage & the Delhi Police just stood as mute spectators instead of protecting the Sikhs & let the bloody carnage to continue as directed by their political masters. Most of the Senior Police Officers deliberately went on leave from Nov 1 to 3 as directed by their political masters.The Army was deliberately not called & were only told to come on the evening of Nov 2, but still there was no one to guide them through the streets of Delhi. Then on Nov 3, after their quench for blood was satisfied, as if by remote control, everything stopped. It was nothing but a cold blooded genocide directed out by the senior Congress politicians against the Sikhs. Had prompt action been taken on the first day of rioting, this Genocide would have never taken place. IT IS A MATTER OF GREAT SHAME FOR THE ENTIRE COUNTRY THAT STILL THE PERPETRATORS OF THE 1984 SIKH GENOCIDE HAVE NOT BEEN ARRESTED NOR ANY PROPER LEGAL CONVICTION TAKEN AGAINST EVEN A SINGLE PERSON UNLIKE THE MULTIPLE CONVICTIONS IN THE 2002 POST GODHRA RIOTS WHICH HAPPENED MUCH LATER DESPITE REPEATED PLEAS BY THE VICTIM’S FAMILIES. The killers & murderers are roaming scot free & some are even ministers in the ruling Congress Govt. NEITHER ANY PROPER COMPENSATION BEEN PAID TO THE VICTIMS OF THE 84 RIOTS, NOR HAS ANY PROPER APOLOGY BEEN GIVEN OR ANY MEMORIAL CONSTRUCTED IN THEIR MEMORY BY THE GOVERNMENT. UNLESS THE PERPETRATORS OF THESE HEINOUS CRIMES ARE BROUGHT TO BOOK, I WON’T BE SURPRISED IF THIS CARNAGE IS AGAIN REPEATED. THE CONGRESS GOVT IS STILL IN DENIAL ABOUT THIS BLOODY CARNAGE AS MANY OF THEIR SENIOR MINISTERS ARE INVOLVED IN THIS GENOCIDE & APART FROM ISSUING HALF HEARTED APOLOGIES WHENEVER IT WAS CONVENIENT TO THEM, THEY HAVEN’T DONE ANYTHING AT ALL. THEY ARE HOPING AGAINST HOPE THAT BY LIVING IN DENIAL, THEY CAN MAKE PEOPLE FORGET THIS TROUBLED PHASE OF HISTORY, BUT THEY ARE GROSSLY WRONG AS HISTORY NEVER FORGETS ITSELF. UNLESS THE GUILTY ARE NOT BROUGHT TO BOOK, IT WILL LEAD TO A VERY FRUSTRATED & ANGRY GENERATION PRONE TO DRUGS & VIOLENCE.
No matter what world think. These potystani love their terrirists. Plz ask them where usa killed osama. They will denay it too
Vote bank politics ...let you give 100% reservation to/as per population proportion of all castes....
Sanjiv Sharma muslims can't be productive to India?go read some books first son, I think the only problem here is the productivity of ure parents to bring a mistake like u into our country
Pakistan a rogue state because today Pakistanis crossed the LOC and Raped the wife and daughter of Gen.RAWAT and safely escaped to Pakistan  minister of State PM's Office tell NDTV
A shame that he hosted Erdogan in India; a leader who is anti-India.
Anaa kitna paise liya yar tune bjp se samaj mai nahi ata tabhi lokpal ke liye dely jantar mantar tabhi cong ko harana tha aap ko are bodhe sudhar ja kuta sala tu bahut nich admi hai yar
& What about 2002 Gujarat State terrorism ???? Which one is the best example of #Bhagwa terrorism.
You were also Patronising communal riots.
It's better than the Fairness Cream ads! This is education to the mass. Grow up!
How can I believe this is indian page ! So many porkis are here ! What's the matter , why they barking ? Oh yes , they don't have any page .
SHAME ON PM  FOR MOKING  ALL OTHER LEADERS.. RATHER THEN GIVING TRUE ANSWERS ..
Mr Modi pls SHUT DOWN JNU. We don't​ want our tax payer's money to be used for such terrorists.
This papers analysis is wrong. As usual the Indian media is always uncharitable to BJP. In my view Shiva Sena has been cut to size and shown the door. Had both the parties contested together then shiva sena would have offered BJP 50-60 seats. Now Shiv sena cannot take BJP for granted. Shiv sena should learn to live with BJP otherwise their presence  will be reduced to small areas like dadar.
Sanjay look like he gave a blow job to rahul
Eric Lopez when did I say I supported terror. The FACT is all of the region was once Hindu/Buddhist then Islam invaded and either killed or enslaved. Islam brings no good to any. No. Name a Single benefit it offers.
The woman alleged that her ex-husband had installed a malware on her phone without her knowledge and accessed all her calls and messages to and from her phone.
This stupid man no one cares is desperately trying to get attention. His film makerd have lost their underpants. Bahubali has earned 200 crores in 2 days.
Muslims r getting lynched every other day by hindu fanatics who r supported by BJP and their communal police. How can Muslims in India be happy?
#app wapsi all desh virodhi news channels
The Sena is the Hindu version of ISIS Indulging in MORAL & SOCIAL POLICING. Who gave them the powers to indulge in such Anticonstitutional activities.
Abhishek Singh illiterate Punjabi :p
Why this drama Anna ji. Kejriwal started AAP when Other political parties challenged him to enter politics . Inspite of Anna resistance he started the party after an openion poll conducted among  the public. Bjp tried everything through Kiren bedi and VK Singh  in the name of Anna to spoil  AAP efforts. So his comments have no effect.
@Rahul Jain Because of people like you Indians are called 'uncivilized'. Did you learn 'slangs' at your mother's womb? Can't you express yourself without such heinous words? Did Nitish Kumar say that he is painting BJP on wall/paper? Your being using slangs differentiate us- You a uncivilized, and me- a Civilized.  If you have guts then give explaination about the Nitish's painting...
Burnolllllllllllllllllll for pissful commmunity.
Funny. Muslims castigate Modi for his policies against Muslims and but turn a blind eye to Erdogan's appeasement of ISIS. #Hypocricy
The biggest broker in current India.
I knew andhbhakts will require a lot of burnoll ,... Because they dont believe in investigation process and judiciary system    And Indian constitution ...
Just see what happening in ur state so many Hindu thinkers and RSS sevaks were killed if possible change ur mind and way of thinking
Bara shor machaya hua the terrorist terrorist  now don't cry when we hang one. Mend yourself before 47 repeats itself
Best way to talk with pak First kill you sent your body as a Messenger to them
Then stop singing also
Only 50? Make it 51 with Modi's head & we will send you Sharif's head as a goodwill gesture. Kool?
Shameful..
U fool... y u R accusing only AAP?
Disappointed Sonu ,don't think you understand religion ! Go live in the jungles
Europe , UK , USA , China have already banned usage of Loudspeakers for religious purposes .
Well india being pakistani i truly support this act of pakistan govt to make ur 8 pieces
another attention seeker after gambhir nothing else
Only revenge alone can't help, we have to teach them lessons like 1971 after that Pak didn't stand up for decades...
Fake i can't belive
You are also support to terrorist organization RSS Mr.dhongi ji. Infact u born by terrorist organization
I think rather than religion it's matter of citizen rights and law and order. In 2005, Supreme Court issued guidelines to turn off loudspeakers between 10pm-6am in residential areas. It did not ask for stop the programs, just don’t use the loudspeakers in that period. It was mainly for the sleep and resy – especially for old, sick and children. It should apply to NavRatri, Diwali, Marriage, temples; and don’t see a reason why it should not apply to mosques.
Funeral for the people who are going to die in this bike
Why  don't u mind your own business  and stop commenting on and interfering with the country's governance which is fine with us. No one cares for your opinion anyway.
Congress Rahul and Sonia, kejrewal and, mamtha banerjee, all these people are talking because they are ones who have tons of black money.   ***k them!!!!
Fkr if u can't say something good atleast try to shut ur fkn mouth up 😡😠
Because, students are crossing their limits. These students in the name of free expression of speech, don't hesitate to ignore national interest. They are tools in the hands of leftists, unscrupulous vested interest politicians, and even terrorists. Can we call them students or give them any other name.
Despite best efforts, Mayawati 'Maya Jaal' is ineffective in UP, where SP-Congress alliance is supreme.
He I talking about Indra Gandhi, that she not takes any action in 1971 like demonetization, modi Ji in 1971 the value of 1000 rupees is 12000 rupees nd that time only 12% population get effected but now 80% population r suffering, to take this brainless measure rnot required that time. Don't say anything rubbish without knowing, bjp always spread fake news.  Sry for some grammatical mistake.
he he he he....not a single temple exits in kashmir....u people have destroyed all the temple in the name of islam..........for ur kind information, there are only 12 muslim family in my own village.........and we contributed them to build a mosque for them......
some sort of a concert ???? Isnt this the launch event of a sport tourer. Feels much like a funeral
sena rss will be disappeared, when congress back in powers again.
Fix this rubbish from china !
Idiots
Where is Anna ji....hibernating or cursing arvind kejriwal
Kaasmir innocnt people killed by indian army . Then Pak army killed Indian army
Why did 'honest' PM allow dishonest men to loot exchequer? - In 2009, Manmohan responded to the charge of being a weak PM and dynasty's doormat by giving it back to LK Advani. At Fridayâs (3 January 2014) press conference, when confronted with the public perception that his stewardship of India has been disastrous, he lashed out at Narendra Modi instead. http://ow.ly/2CGLHB
all parties should come together to resist evil force that is bjp....  I m waiting for the day when some other party will rule India and will ban rss and all other terrorist groups like rss..
Which Muslim person installed Hindus god in their house.U are in habit of seeing congress and all others who believed in appeasement of ur community.SHAMEFUL
Thank God he has gone.. He was a really dumb fellow who does that know how to change rules according to conditions..he was like working against Indian interests..
It's like a devil think .. what tha hell is this....
You typical south Indian suffer from superiority complex. And you call yourself highly literate.
@Ahmed Razeen: what exactly are you talking about?  Kejrijoker is clever, seriously? It's called cunning. kejrijoker made personal comments on others for which Delhi people are paying price in crores!!! He hosted VIP dinners for AAP supporters for which again people paid 12000 - 20000 for each plate. His party has spent 500 crores alone on party advertisements from state funds. WTF? It's Aam Admi Party? Where is Aam Admi?
Kuldeep Munshi Ji,you are partly right and agree to it but some of rats were consumed by those panun kashmiri brothers also who left on the secret signal of Jugmohan Ji.Now why to lament on past,let us find peaceful ways to join hearts.Kashmir will be a paradise once our pandit brothers will return.
Which one RSS Terrorist or Hindutiva Terrorist? ????? Gow Rakshak Terrorist  or VHP Terrorist  you decide.
If Shabana Azmi voice her opinion on Hinduism, she is more secular. But if Sonu Nigam makes his point on Islam, he becomes less secular. Waiting for the secular liberal brigade to run their shop now. :D
Last 300 yrs American Destroyed the Earth for money and power and killed Lac's of peoples for name of American Glory ....Stupid trump
muhmmad marrying 6 year old ayesha and his son's wife is not immoral ?
Respect for mam... Politics in UP has jungle rule treat them as animals u dont ask them for respecting a women or an on duty officer forced them to do
I think he is right...Gundagardi in name of religion should be stopped..
Maulana sahib please don't give name of Shariyat and Islam to your foolish practices.. if central Govt bans the triple Talaq than we Muslims are with them.. triple talaq is not Islamic practice so keep your mouth shut..
it is true ,?ibn ishag992,(quaran)fight evryone in the way of Alla n kill who disbelieve Alla,
a big lie and sign of coward act by indian government insulting their own soldiers saying that their bodies mutilated, while that is never done in history of indu-pak fights
He is a frustrated,illiterate gullible idiot who has been working at cross purposes to his own stated aims....no one ever bothered about him before IAC...his only media value today is ability to criticise AAP...
A solidarity march that's political, Opportunist and useless.
In the comments below all Hindus hate muslims as we muslims are one of the peacefull communities in India who didn't allow alqaeda or Isis to set foot in India and condemn all type of violence did by some muslims outside India yes some handfull Isis sympathisers acting like Lone Wolf can bring bad name to muslims but we muslims condemn this act and he should be shot or hanged we are patriots and love India as our country but now a days Hindus don't trust us discriminate us and tell us to go to Pakistan and this type of attitude of Hindus will harm social harmony and create unrest in country.
Yes Riya biswas they are finding to do poltics in delhi had done danga in Kolkatta,Orissa & Now they are looking for kerala. But they don't know everywhere they are trying to do terrrorist activities they are getting tight Slap from that State CM. Respect for Kejriwal,Mamta Banerjee,KCR,lalu prasad yadav,Kerala CM,tamils & BJD party of orissa
Shamefull how come an illiterate person give advice to welqualified person like kejriwalji.
Only a third class news paper like indian express can print such nonsense uttered by an idiot.
THANKS  MR RANJAN  AND  RAKESH,  SASI THAROOR  IS  PROVING THAT  HE  IS  JUST ANOTHER  SO-CALLED  ""PSEUO-INTELLECTUAL""  AND  ANOTHER  HUMAN  SLAVE  AND  ROBOT    AND  NOTHING  SPECIAL ABOUT HIM!
We want strong action against Pakistan or resign of coward PM Modi & DM Arun Jately
Irresponsible leader
Anna go to hell
Wht BJP has to say on the behaviour of this goon MLA?  Why is BJP silent on this? This shows BJPs double standard n hypocrisy. It is no different fm SP,BSP, RJD politicians.This party too has many criminals n antisocial elements.But BJP wants to hide its sins under the carpet n busy in blaming others. Who has authorised this BJP goon to misbehave with lady IPS officer while performing her duty. Does BJP has the courage to suspend n expel this MLA fm party n case filed agnst him as oer law.
These idiots are just playing with our sentiments AV has lost his ground and KV is now diverting this and making space AAP that's it . Its a bate for foolish people don't fall for it use your own mind . Kashmir is ours and will remain with us one pic or one video will not change any situation . We are getting ready to take Baluchistan our mind set is to take from PAK not giving anymore
http://indianexpress.com/article/india/fatwa-issued-against-reality-singing-star-nahid-afrin-by-42-clerics-4569825/  Dear Indian Express, I feel sorry to write that your journalists are out there to misinterpret events and present them in a distorted manner just to make some sensational headlines. The news about upcoming singer Nahid Afreen has been prepared without proper research and investigation. It was very sad to see that your journalists don't even know the difference between fatwa and appeal.  A fatwa is a non-binding legal opinion issued only by a qualified jurist (Mufti) on a request by someone who is unable to understand religious guidelines whereas the leaflet that is being circulated and presented as Fatwa is just a hard copy of an appeal signed by 46 men who believe in religious practices. The merit of appeal can be discussed on many grounds and in many dimensions but first and foremost, an appeal can not be called a legal opinion (Fatwa).  We expect apology from your side for such a mistake
its a shame that we haven't taken any action yet and we still wait for more of these things to happen...kill them all..
I want all 3 of them bt only those player will be selected who will shake their tail in front ko kohili..
Factually those who accept from their masters are also SLAVES....lolz
No India is better off in BJPs hands but it is very sad that Kerala is in your hands since many murders are taking place in your land
Moreover that idiot is fan of Terrorist Yakub Menon
Srk did right in slapping him once.. He deserves slaps
It's stupid really.. Airtel gives faster access to a lot many sites while jio is selective. Talk of net neutrality. Airtel akela is ethical. Jio is for newbie internet users whose usage if just WhatsApp and maybe a Facebook app. Jio at workplaces suck. Airtel is the best bet!
Main issue with jio is network and data speed ..As compare other tele brand company
look at ur face looser😡
Stupidity Shown By Narendra Modi. What he want to prove. I make my money white before 6 month
hahahha icj also said india couldnt satisfy the merit of this case  but until the complete desicion comes jadav can live few more days
Cut the crap and show the bike, hope the results wont be so boring as the event.
I just wonder why she is being given all these sound bytes ... must be to try and give publicity to her husband ... other than that why should she be considered a role model?
Every one shd ignore him because i think he is trying for popularity.....
Good. Rather they should be treated as criminals.
Unfollow and unlike this  Indian express always spreads negativity, don't let them get followers and our attention towards their posts
Like Mujahideens who do surgical strike daily with kashmiri girls at night. Now tell me how many girlfriend , burhan Wani had . Is holy fighting jehad is only about making girlfriends and sex.
Pravin Sivan, it's been banned since last few years. No visa of any type to these buggers though not banned on paper I e officially
Where ever there is innocent killing and terrorism you will find the name of Saudi Arabia and Middle East countries, they have kept their own countries safe and clean and pays billions for killing and terrorism in other countries specially third world.
Ha ha means then india is terrorism support country india feed Isis terrorist for spreading violence in peaceful world . shame on you .. Indian
Worst is when you see non Pakistanis giving the laugh emoticon for this article. Shameful people!! Even when this happens to Pak Army it is a disgraceful and utterly cowardly act!! Don't worry laughing morons, this week has not ended, porki army corpses will be served hot soon
A father can do it, Indians can do it but our netas can't do it. They will politicize it. Wait for ""proof"" gang to ask for proof and declare it a fake encounter
I see no dumbheads here supporting demonetisation or modi. Are they accepting the failure of govt.
fraud and fake Goverment only work on Media
^^^^^^ Wow, if you are looking for someone who clearly knows NOTHING about Jews, look no further - Jeremy Mason is your guy!!! 😑😑😑 #antisemitealert #ignorant
Still wrong choice..... you read bheema stands more than seven and half feet above the ground. It's not about six pack. Aging actor can't be made bheema...... I know you are a hard core mohanlal fan. But sometimes you need to check the fact  Mahabharata doesn't mentioned of pot bellied Bheema either....😂😂😂😂
Dear Indian Express, I feel sorry to write that your journalists are out there to misinterpret events and present them in a distorted manner just to make some sensational headlines. The news about upcoming singer Nahid Afreen has been prepared without proper research and investigation. It was very sad to see that your journalists don't even know the difference between fatwa and appeal.  A fatwa is a non-binding legal opinion issued only by a qualified jurist (Mufti) on a request by someone who is unable to understand religious guidelines whereas the leaflet that is being circulated and presented as Fatwa is just a hard copy of an appeal signed by 46 men who believe in religious practices. The merit of appeal can be discussed on many grounds and in many dimensions but first and foremost, an appeal can not be called a legal opinion (Fatwa).  We expect apology from your side for such a mistake. http://indianexpress.com/article/india/fatwa-issued-against-reality-singing-star-nahid-afrin-by-42-clerics-4569825/
India is a fake, Fragile and unatural union build by British to control the poor masses. it has become a monster for minorities and neighbors, almost 40% of Indian Land is direct under Indian Army control who commit grave human right abuses under notorious AFSPA , Kashmiris hate India for brutal illegal occupation of their land but shameless India so called upper Class Hindu elite doesnt want to Free Kashmir for their political gaines, India is the only country which is being run by Extremists apart from Israel.
Shame on media, to project this video anti-AAP. Though he is teaching each party a lesson.
Dear Indian Express, I feel sorry to write that your journalists are out there to misinterpret events and present them in a distorted manner just to make some sensational headlines. The news about upcoming singer Nahid Afreen has been prepared without proper research and investigation. It was very sad to see that your journalists don't even know the difference between fatwa and appeal.  A fatwa is a non-binding legal opinion issued only by a qualified jurist (Mufti) on a request by someone who is unable to understand religious guidelines whereas the leaflet that is being circulated and presented as Fatwa is just a hard copy of an appeal signed by 46 men who believe in religious practices. The merit of appeal can be discussed on many grounds and in many dimensions but first and foremost, an appeal can not be called a legal opinion (Fatwa).  We expect apology from your side for such a mistake.
U r a RSS agent already
Yes a choice is personal to do multiple roles. But puppy statement is an excuse of not working and taking care of home both. Like all earning mothers treat their kids as puppies. She should have some sense. A really lucky lady to get a rich guy, where she can impose herself like a best homemaker. If stay at home parents expect respect, they should also respect earning ladies for their multiple jobs. Very very disrespectful comment by her if she has really given this statement. Well what can we expect also from her. Really disgusting. Video is deleted, so can't comment if puppy statement is true or not. Anyways whosoever has written this word for a kid, I say God just bless.
Under public pressure they are compelled to say it is NOT a  FATWA but an appeal. But listen to the arguments they are giving, it reflects  an appeal which has to be agreed and followed.
They even deny that they have lost all the wars fought against India so what else can you expect from a terrorist producing country?  Let 'em bark, we don't give F
It's not only about secularism, it's about choice between individual liberty and social liberty, it's constitutional right that everyone could follow religion in his own way but point is that social liberty always prior to individual one . So follow religion which not harm or disturb social atmosphere. We have to respect social sense of responsibility too. Now it's depends upon society, at which degree they wish to cooperate .
Anna ji, dare....to speak on LOKPAL . Dont pass BJP's sponsured propaganda on basis of report. Have you spoken ever on CAG reports of other government ever? you are selective, and frustrated.
Whatever Virender Sehwag. How defensive you are how..! You won with hatredness over Peace. Being a influencing personality you proved you are insensitive.
so true
Fake news. Bhakti
Pm cheat with  people  Real investigation  report  not published. Because  dawn leaks  done pm daughter. Everyone  know from politicians  to  civil  society.
We are foolishly showing mercy to paki cockroaches, they are not humans to be dealt with diplomatically... Pigs understand only beast language.
Fuk u red bedbugs
Do the same to that person. Hang him under the sun..
In Kashmir there is no Muslims only anti nationalists ..  Modi  need to kill u all anti nationalists with out mercy..  u disgusting stone pelter bacteria u r all poops in Kashmir.. we will flash u all those who support Pakistani.. u coward Hanif never add any peace of religion in revolution.. Ur revolutions for 500rs/- from Pakistani u disgusting pak pigs..
NWO controls India - demonetization or cashless society. Wake Up - people of India. 6 percent of black money is in cash and 94 percent in other forms. Rich have the edge to launder their black money.  We in the USA have a 2 trillion shadow economy and a lot of small business just accept cash - IRS has no clue.
Its all fack.....Show me ....with actual....evidence not just written.... In many .....Wrong things also...in Qraan...too...MC.....
If muslims continue to be anti  government we consider them as anti nationals they are welcome to go any islam country india is now called as Bharat and Hindustan no more english pronouncination on Indus as india
BJP is following divide and rule by pushing beef ban. A party which doesn't care about human rights can never really care for animals. They messed up in North India giving rise to hatred and violence. When will they focus on real issues facing us Indians?
not withstanding the sad state of politics, wait for the army's retaliation. I will come back on this very thread then.   (y)
Gandhi Killer Ram (Nathu) Temple in India......  Big Shame 4 India........
This is really the vote bank politics.   That's why young talented youth frustrated and opted for brain drain.  Also reflect its insecurity in facing the National party to resort such policies.  I don't know whether  there would be any realisation among the rulers that there also exists very  poor young talented youth starved for want of support from the  Government.  At least the reputed corporates/ NGOs should come to their rescue, since they were no bodies' babies.  The only solution is to teach a befitting reply for such parties by the matured educated and middle class people by invariably participating  in the Elections to change their mindset.
His point is relevant and should be appreciated.. there is actually no point in broadcasting religiousness by loudspeaker..either its in Islam ..Hindu or any .. we all have our free mind set to follow or unfollow religion..It shouldn't be pressurised on anyone .. everyone is not interested in listening to Azaan or Aarti or Jagrata ... it should be kept in the ears of the ppl who are there at a place to listen it ..Loudspeakers use should be prohibited for religious songs.
Good speech..let us wait for the results. Pls treat all citizen and political parties at par. Also publish the list of black money holders list.  Since you are quoting others, you too quoted during your election campaign few lakhs money for all...nothing so far...The black money parked out nothing has come out so far. Why no lokpal still you have formed yet by your govt...why none of the political party corrupt officials are punished yet including many scams including Vayapam in MP.   People are struggling with your so called bold move.  Bit such a bold move is not there the above points which i have mentioned few above...I will be the most happy person in the world if something good happen to the under privileged people in Indian and to see the their life style improves. I will wait for those days In the coming months.
Dude concept videos are fan made not apple made so don't comment if you don't know anything and lunch nhi hoga launch hoga iphone
What a pity! Pakistan pashtoons still give solgans to support pashtoons killer. you idiots are still stubborn and you dont know who the gamer is?  See u in graveyards buddies!
Media spread communalism.
Bajaj cant even do a proper launch webcast... Y shud i evn bother to think abt the stupid bike
You are not getting it. You should also vehemently oppose Bhajans if it is played at a high volume at unearthly hours. Please don't look at it in the  perspective of religion  but rather view it the light of your Democratic rights which none has right to violate. What if one of your family is unwell and trying to sleep when some loudspeaker starts blaring whatever may be the duration.
Our own government is fooling it's own people by false promises.
Dats a disgusting comment....I was brought up by a working mom and she didn't treat me like a puppy....not everyone is born wid a silver spoon in their mouth....wat rit does she have to insult feminism?
Lol. S person shearing stage with lalu , giving castism remarks in Punjab  A big hypocrite..
Shame on indian express. I didnt find anything against AK in this video.
Nusrat Nazir Saudi Arabia is well documented for systematic discrimination against the expatriate laborers not just from India but also from other countries like Indonesia, Philippines, Pakistan, Bangladesh and so on. In fact, some nations had to put stop to labor immigration because of the horrible treatment their citizens received under Saudi system.
Shame on Indian Express to fall to such level.
Ahmed Razeen well said, but ignore the ppl who are paid to abuse,actually they are born to abuse and will end with abuse.
For the first time a PM lied to the country !
Idiot..... Don't   forget  Majority people  must give u the right ans.  at right time
Poor are always poor ...we can't judge them as their religion. ..these leaders can have every delicious food and Chinese food in every day life. ..but poor need to serve their taste and food with this limited foods. . So don't stop them to have their choice
Aree stupid goons under hindu cover... Mamata is better acceotable hindu than goon RSS chief...  can any one challange on this
Ah...  Is it so... Well like I said I don't need certificate from idiots.
Pakistan military court is a banana court where they have given a judgement without any evidence. Government should use its influence and try to bring him back here safe. Jadhav should be saved at all costs.
ABP : YOU ALL ARE SOLD. DESTROYING BUNKER IS NORMAL AT BORDER
Millions of life have been ruined by the jahil kom
One fact is sure BJP has unlimited money at their disposal but since they are in power no CBI ED OR IT WILL BOTHER THEM
Dividing? If you want them to lower the voice, they will do definitely. Try doing that to a Mosque and tell me if you come back in one piece.
U seriously need education
He had no self respect, he should have resigned when UPA lost miserably..This Is for all his dumb chamchas...
This was so stupid 😏🙄
Where is  the  advanced   modren ambulances  helping  for needy people who  are  so sick.What party rules the state forgotten  their promises  for people.
Why these people doesn't respect others beliefs. And why they want rest of the world respect them.
Everything will crash as no economy can recover after a foolish move the government.
Totally destroyed naxal camp..wipe out them those are committed heinous attack..Why naxal    are not coming in flow of society..where they grow with country..
Such a sold out media, the video was about the 5000 year glorious country we should protect.and here only focus is on half a sentence inside a 13 min video.
Navpreet Kaur heyy if u dont like the topic why u come comment on post ,,, just stay awy with tards
This is paid media and they are giving fake news. Nearly about 6 or 7 Indian soldiers got killed by Pakistani forces and even worst done by nexlets women who attack Indian army in sukma and killed 27 crpf and they remove there genitals while keeping them alive because army use to rape them
I think Kanishka Singh should thrown out of the IE editorial board!!! A lier!!!! 😀
wtf
MC r**** will speak like that
Maria Martin those ban beef those states will become poison for u then where is secularism in Ur point then wt abt the state ANDHRA PRADESH who ban the beef and the thing is congress govt who ban beef in AP and cm is converted Christian like
haha...incompetent MP couldn't even state his views without reading it from a papers probably written by somebody else for him
Really ? Are not you mentioning and targetting also ? Perhaps you are ""Modi""fied version.
No one has the right to interfere any one's food habits but everyone has the right to protect what is holy to them. Like a Muslim protects Quran,prophet's goodwill...a christian protects bible,churches,A HINDU HAS RIGHT TO PROTECT GITA,TEMPLES AND COWS all of which are of importance to us. Its not about hurting anyone by denying food but about protecting something that is holy to us. Any intelligent person will understand...in a Hindu majority country something holy to majority of Hindus should be protected. every beef eating Hindu, our Muslim brothers,or christian brothers should be sensitive towards our emotions regarding this. Love and peace for all.
Big slap on V. Prasad's face. Rightfully. CongratulationS #AICC
Completely agree with Sipra Mitra.. stop all celebrations, awards, IPL and just focus on War with Napakistan.
Now this is the serious issue NDTV ,   ....not that kajol has eaten the beef or not...that shouldn't be even a news...because you r trying to invade someone's privacy and right of choice or freedom...
It's their culture. nobody can't change it.They were notorious in the name barbarians. What they had done to king Prithviraj Chauhan? Nothing new in this
Undoubtedly AK is corrupt like others politicians.
Well guys ,,,,The government is our Servants,,,,they all have to provide us the security,,,becuz we are the boss ,,,and Delhi police is our Servant.....Now we dont need them just get out from our Delhi We would like to terminate Sonia,Shiela,Manmohan,,,and all criminical Politicians,,,,Sply Sonia she is running lot of buissness in delhi and she have huge property in delhi,,,,,All details will be disscuss soon...
Religion didn't make him terrorist but Babri demolition communal riots did.  Before the Babri demolition there was no bomb blasts in India .Do sm research.
He should banned for Railways and in all public transport.
Kuldeep Munshi saab with all respect, what the Bjp was doing when it was in power before 2014 for the Pandits and what is the present govt doing for their rehabilitation? They are least bothered about you guys and it is a fact! They intentionally don't want to resolve this issue same like Ram Mandir,  we have full sympathy with anyone who loses his/her home irrespective of religion , so go after the govt and ask for the deadline wasting ur energy on SM won't help much😊
Modiji you r our beloved PM and we all 125 crores indians are with you only the selfish and corrupt people wil not want you to be re-elected but we know you will again shine in 2019 electctions bcos you r for the people by the people and for the people
We dnt take any credibility.They have destroyed our families !! Doesn't matter
I am not agree on your statement
If I see a girl in advertise regarding speed of Ariel speed I kill her
Maturity doesn't always come with age. Shame!
Neither pakistan is a ideal country nor doggy singh is ideal leader.....
Shame on myself that I'm ur fan
How dare one police officer can argue with senior MLA that too of ruling party. Police cannot insult MLA who is elected by the people and has to support his people. Police officer should be immediately sacked for misbehaviour
The less you talk of this bugger Sonu the better.People of any Faith  be it  Islam ,Hindu or Christian should have no problem when holy Azaan is sounded vide Speakers or Bhajan broadcasted through Speakers  be it at any hour of  time,we should learn to respect and acknowledge the Holy essence of both the  Religion.
ya Ajay Gumma when did I name a community? is it the cow that offended you?
If bunch of jokers have to select Time Person of The Year then why the hell you paid media people conduct reader’s poll?
He didn't say anything wrong. What if there a Mandir in muslim majority area, will they able to tolerate bhajans like recently happened in bengal ? No. So, either ban loudspeakers from every religious place so that religious people pray to God without disturbing others. You looks more selective in your codswallop comment.
For transport minister ? In National highway collecting lot of toll charges and even not maintaining sufficient gates to collect money quickly , the Q of the vehicles more than half kms and they are taking more than 20 minute to cellar one till like that for 260 kms minimum 5 tolls and we loose 100 minutes on road and that much most of them burning fuel , and  not properly Maintaining high way fresh rooms properly and no drinking water and toll collecting boys also many times not giving change and they give chocolates for balance change  , please ask transport minister for this difficulty    ,
Dirty politics plays by Pakistan
But one thing can be proved..  That under these so called sickular,  lot of Muslim went to fight for ISIS.  NO ENQUIRY OR ACTION TO STOP THAT IN KERALA
Sanghi anchor ese jnu ki padi hai jo sahar wale avbp ne gundagardi suru ki hai wo kya hai. Go rakshak ke.naam pe jo ho raha hai. Only dalit ko target kiya jata hai
Ajay Bharat Gurjar  indian stop cross boader terrorisim.kalboshen arrest in pakistan the big example of indian terrorist
Real mother  killed to keep Step Mother alive....To Sudsidise Cash Subsidies....Govt killed Oil Subsidies...foolish part...petrol price reduced and diesel increased....Gujrati or Marvadi Baniya might have balance in a bette way
Only dogs will bark in Loksabha. Not all like modi ji
Father has his own thoughts.... But why police was in so hurry to shoot the boy... They can wait till he get tired or got sleep..... We cant accept and believe on police initial theories ,....  because of their previous records .... Police charged so many innocent victims   In many more cases and the accused acquitted the innocent muslims in many many cases after 12 years, after 15 years and after 20 years..... Father should seek a probe may be his son is too victim of a another conspiracy , now on the new brand of ISis .... Also some opinion should be taken of the parents of BJP's ISI wing  caught by police in MP Swami Aseemanand, and Pragya Thakur....
He is Kejriwal of USA, why this right wing supporting media still carries the con artist fart
Wa ra ChamchA free download lies of kejriwal 420. Stop fooling yourself AAPtard
Police should take serious action against she's husband immediately.
utterly nonsense.
And the whole incident took place when turkish president was in india  stop befooling ur own people mr modi
U people r the most heinous creature on earth so I don't need a certificate from n ur kind of PIGs r destroying our Nation on regular intervals OK ...u name itself is self explanatory that go Pakistan adopt ur trade there..
Well you pour money for medals but no money for education of poors shame on govt
Yeah I read the Facebook post of a pseudo nationalist.
You are also a  lier like other politicians.  You by your deeds we consider you as hypocrist.
Gandhi Killer Ram (Nathu) Temple in India......  Big Shame 4 India........
Jokers !!
Indian Jallikattu Train PM Massacre......?  Killed Gandhi... Father of India....? Killed 100+ Kashmiri in 2016.....? Killed 100+ Civilian in 2016 Demonetization.....?  #Pakistan Pl Help...... #UnitedNation Pl Help...... #China Pl Help......
Sure go to hell dirty politics cheap publicity you need
Time is near when all Non-Indian Indians will have to quit India . Zinna has made Pakistan for them. JNU needs a total change.  Those coward terrorists will have to be taught proper lessons.
Kuldeep not all ...now we are realising the bad effects of islamization ,communism and mamta bhakti
Follower of MODI N HISS RSS HINDU IDEOLOGY. ..SO SUCH STATEMENTS ARE OBVIOUS TO APPEAR FROM SUCH HINDU PERSONALITIES
People like mohit,suhas don't want peace in valley or in india. You are such hatred dung are creating noise pollution in india
Even police is not safe from BJP terrorist group what the save others?
Hahaha 'Ahmed' ! One can only expect this type of lies coz truth does not suit Ahmeds. Hello do Google and check yourself. It was your Drama Kejri who jouned Anna Hazare movement to come to limelight and then suddenly ditched Anna to form party to fool public of Delhi. So better get the fact right before supporting your CONgress and Drama rogue party. Dont write lies just coz it suits your appeasements.
How cruel is this why cant u post good things
No problem, please send to JNU they will do the rest like Yakoob Memon funeral
Worst company for consumers. Competition has forced them to open their eyes and stop looting customers.
Also , mob violence has happened many parts of India even on bike stealers. So change ur biased mind.
Anna hazare failed in his drama on kejriwal case. Hazare aim is to remove congress from power and he joined with kejriwal. Kejri is clever and he overcome hazare and defeated bjp and opposing till now. Anna hazare wont speak if bjp involve in money scandal, communal violence, hate speeches etc etc. Anna hazare is a hypocritic poison human being. Hazare never thought kejri will come into politics. Hazare may won in defeating congress but lost on kejri matter. Great actor hazare
No wonder you support mass murderer PM famous for fake encounters as well
Our fake claims knows ur killed aatankwadi ...  Who has been reached to 72 hoor
Your history is the history of cheating and lying and enchrosing into others  right.
#Tata Group unexpected and I unimagined... because of your tussle we shareholders are getting destroyed...Tata Communications shares are down 11% since October 24
http://indianexpress.com/article/india/fatwa-issued-against-reality-singing-star-nahid-afrin-by-42-clerics-4569825/  Dear Indian Express, I feel sorry to write that your journalists are out there to misinterpret events and present them in a distorted manner just to make some sensational headlines. The news about upcoming singer Nahid Afreen has been prepared without proper research and investigation. It was very sad to see that your journalists don't even know the difference between fatwa and appeal.  A fatwa is a non-binding legal opinion issued only by a qualified jurist (Mufti) on a request by someone who is unable to understand religious guidelines whereas the leaflet that is being circulated and presented as Fatwa is just a hard copy of an appeal signed by 46 men who believe in religious practices. The merit of appeal can be discussed on many grounds and in many dimensions but first and foremost, an appeal can not be called a legal opinion (Fatwa).  We expect apology from your side for such a mistake
Kumar Vishwas is going to join BJP by next month. In the video he has praised BJP leaders like Vajpayee and Murli Manohar Joshi. Shame that he is using the soldiers as a pretext to create distance from the AAP.
Aruna Adeel places like Bahrain refrain and disallow any non muslim to  portray or show ur religiour background my brother was asked to not wear his on locket. Hindus don't complain there bacuse it's not their country and one should follow the rules. But here in Infia we can't raise our own voices for any forced religiousness. It's not about religion it's about having right to sleep peacefully. who want to listen to the azan or bhajan can go to their respective places of interest why disturb common man who wants to sleep peacefully
Not for other countries. .......Nope....Rafael has self software destruction chip in case Bharat goes up against FRANCE....But giving brahmos will be a gross strategic mistakes......because THERE WILL DEFINITELY BE MOLES in Defence and software who will give away our KILLER CHIP SOFTWARE DECRYPTION
I'm wery heppy today bcose tho indian dog going to jhannam good pak army
These dangerous communal communists brutal feculars r destroying india
Shahzeb Hassan: the LOC is not fenced at all locations.  Also, after what they did with Capt Saurabh Lt. Saurabh Kalia and so many others of our soldiers, one can only go by what one sees. This is NO way to treat even your worst enemies, come what may.   I cried when there was a school attack in Pak: How can anyone justify that? But that same level of outcry, never seen from the other side.
The same thing applies on you sir when you are invited in any concert !! You sing a song to entertain ppl... but at the same time noise goes to the ppl not interested in you or your song !! It happens.. i agree that loudspeakers shouldn't be allowed. M not muslim but i never got irritated coz of azaan... Being a musician you should enjoy this pray..like bismillah khan saab !!
Ok i hate you mumbai Indian
I havn't seen this much boring launch ever in ma life
this was dine by up in 2013. these now are only thugging people
Porkistan go home have more intercourse & produce more Terrorists on border.Indian army is waiting their to send them to jannat Allah tooh akbar
Because it is paid for that. Bjp has no development agenda so...
If it were true, we wud hav also condemn those clerics... This girl is unnecessary projecting herself as victim card and gaining publicity
IF THE PERSON DEAD BY COW VIGILANTES IS FROM UR FAMILY THEN U SPEAK LIKE THIS. STOP TRASH POLITICS. FIRST BE HUMAN & IF POSSIBLE SAVE LIVES. UNDER BJP RULE MINORITY PEOPLE R FIGHTING TO LIVE. INDIANS R WATCHING THEY NEED COMMUNAL HARMONY NOT FIGHT. FORGET GE 2019 IT WILL BE GRAND ALLIANCE HEADED BY INC FOR PEACEFUL DEVELOPMENT.
BABA STARTS A NEW   COMEDY DIALOGUE PLANTED BY MODI GOVT. ...............SHAME .......................
this fellow has lost his mind completely, cant he simply say give quality education to everyone in india.why is he still living in india when he do not know caste in indian terms was occupation,and e termed caste word as antinational going to london, london economists are useless to india,india needs people who can understand india and not insult it
South indians like u r not hindu....hindu never eat beef...who eat they r not real hindu.
This applies on everyone I am a Hindu and I get irritated by both bhajans and Azan.. Forced imposition of your faith..
Dear Indian Express, I feel sorry to write that your journalists are out there to misinterpret events and present them in a distorted manner just to make some sensational headlines. The news about upcoming singer Nahid Afreen has been prepared without proper research and investigation. It was very sad to see that your journalists don't even know the difference between fatwa and appeal.  A fatwa is a non-binding legal opinion issued only by a qualified jurist (Mufti) on a request by someone who is unable to understand religious guidelines whereas the leaflet that is being circulated and presented as Fatwa is just a hard copy of an appeal signed by 46 men who believe in religious practices. The merit of appeal can be discussed on many grounds and in many dimensions but first and foremost, an appeal can not be called a legal opinion (Fatwa).  We expect apology from your side for such a mistake.  http://indianexpress.com/article/india/fatwa-issued-against-reality-singing-star-nahid-afrin-by-42-clerics-4569825/
No chandan he targeted all religion.. And he has a point..I think he said right..I remembered our childhood we always woke up by religious announce..
symptoms of modiphobia 😂😂😂😂
Only the misnisters and their kins will survive 90% of the poor and middle class will vanish.  Where is the money from high excise charged going, why cant the govt reduce their foreign trip expns and reduce excise . GET the balance sheet of last 5 years from the ministers who have grown over 100% return which NO business in the world gives
Really, he had to make this a religious issue, couldn't he just stick to noise pollution, but no he had to comment on Hindu and Muslim.
THERE IS NO PLACE FOR U IN AAP CAUSE THEY HONEST AND HARD WORKING PEOPLE NOT OPPORTUNIST LIKE U
Aapiyo..... sorry to say but people are turning into bhakts.... Kumar vishwas is one of them.....“If after riding the plank of anti-corruption to form a government in Delhi, your own people indulge in corruption and if you(the leader) try to save them and issue no statements, people will question you,” he said in a veiled reference to Delhi Chief Minister Arvind Kejriwal. Tum log EVM ko blame karte raho aur log Punjab, Goa, Rajouri Garden ki tarah har jagah tumhari bajayenge....!!!!
Shiv sena is the least liked political party....and they know it. They are constantly craving for attention. Thats y they make a big scene everywhere.
Kangna Ranaut has exposed ""Bai Bateejawad "" in film industry.  Kangna if steps into Direction,  would be great boon for talented artists. Definitely she could prove better director than Karan johar who is nothing more than a sycophant.
Guy kills someone and casually claims he killed a Muslim. This is the problem with gun ownership. People can be trained to use gun but how can you make sure everyone who uses the gun have a rational mind. You can't! And when you have an irrational President who day in and day out angers people you can only hope not too many of this happens.
Sounds like an Islamic Arabic country
Friends the next things which come after ICJ ruling is whether Pakistan allows Jadhav counsellor acess or he will be murdered like Sarabjeet Singh .... I think this is what we all should be looking at now because Pakistan army would never allow counsellor acess because if that happens a pandoras box of lies will come out against Pakistan army .... So friends keep fingers crossed ....
The new criminal trend gripping the country: carry out any crime under the label of love for the Indian Army: The army should take this seriously
Stupid....
Triple Talak must be ban in india ......
Ashish mullick.if you are so pissed off at muslims,you should go whanking some stray donkeys rather than spreading hatred and bad mouthing about our prophet.may god curse you and your family member get stray dog life
Anna u has deceived whole India , I advice to u just shut up dalal
Dhruv Panchal You need to work on your self! Don't preach me what you fail as a nation! To protect its minorty and give equal rights to all human beings reagrdless of cast which is big prob in India
nonsense Taklu
Go and die
Abdul Samed...Lol you think k Hebrews care if Arabs hate their language old man? BTW IT WAS AN ARAB THAT ASSISTED HITLER WITH THE FINAL SOLUTION. DONT FORGET ARABS WERE ALLIED WITH HITLER.
He is 9th powerful man in the world dont forget it everyone
FIR needs to be filed immediately against him and his outfit. Their houses and places should be raided for weapons! This has to happen NOW.
Pakistan is a terrorist country with no humanity and development vision. One should not forget that this country is born only for jihadi activities and terrorism
Hazare is a looser ! Didn't achieve anything ! Left halfway
@astaman hypocritr,first drop brahmin title pandey and start writing jatav as ur surname.or r u a mulla masqurading as a brahmin.
Whatever former PM created mess, will take some time to make things ok
You are crook
Killer of gujrat muslims member of rss talking about terrorism.. wtf
Because these bhakts are jobless and doing their bhaktism out here.  Cheap employees of sangh cyber cell trained to abuse and use filth.
Dear ignorant journalist Kalyan Das, I have been in this country since last 17 years. Now go and check facts or just keep creating false narrative.
Courts ban jallikattu a sport by saying that it hurts animals but  says killing, eating those same animals as fundamental right.  These courts are full of duplicity and a part od Congress ecosystem. Courts interfere in Hindu matters directly but act cowardly when ut comes to Muslim matters.
Y the hell are you laughing
Keep dreaming guys your army scared to face a Powerful Pak Army...........
Ppl are so dumb they don't even know 114 is magic number ...but BJP gain a lot
still this false fatwa news u #Indianexpress spreading?
Communist favour For CHINA,  Congress favour for SONIA , Sonia favour for VATICAN, ovasi favour for Arabians .
Unhe bahr kro
Stupid....look your party.!late;indira gandhi,sanjay gandhi...presents..Rahul and madam sonia,they all are one man show rulars and also become a particular families. so tharur you have no right to blamed...???
U also HV dashed our hopes
get attack minnority sir once want 2 see who win in blood shed
This is feminism ... not what you think ... or not what GenerAl indian masses follow
Sonu Ji. Where have you been all these years aab jaagey ho ?.Mean its Warning Sign That You're Finally Getting Older
Stupid of you for thinking on those lines ....sitting in Mumbai and enjoying the life
Kerala has government with guts to counter politicising issue of ban of beef by BJP when all the people let it be minority only have all respect and uphold sanctity of  cow but creating fear sychosis even for other livestock which are legally allowed is a hypocrisy and arrogance.
we need more like him.. bloody Kashmiris should learn from him
He is 9th powerful man in the world dont forget it everyone
Himanshu Meena Pl see the headlines of news which is highlighting the weakness of IPS officer because tears came to her eyes and not Honorable MLA. Media too has twisted in the same direction as directed by their Owners.
Anna is as corrupt as BJP and congress. History will paint him in as dark as the most corrupt.
iNDIA IS A WONDERLAND THAT HAS GIVEN SHELTER TO ALL RELIGIONS  WITH SO MANY LANGUAGES THAT CLAIMS ""UNITY IN DIVERSITY""
Got this misinterpreted data from bloody Zakir Nayak I think...
Modji do something. Otherwise, your popularity will come down. We don't want to hear your lecture. Do something now.
just for cheap publicity. KRK knew his stature is of a ditch worm so better to make atleast some by criticizing Bahubali2.
Corrupt govt. Won't stop corruption
He is absolutely right .. I salute him..  People are afraid to speak against these mad guys... The loudspeakers on the mosques have become a real nuisance..  When will these idiots understand...
Inhuman act
Aditya it has the same engine bottoms. Do ur grandma and girlfriend share the same bottom end
All Indian army was watching  Bahubali 2/ IPL during Pakistan army crossed the border and killed two Dogs and mutilated them 😂😂😂😂😂
Rohan Garg....u said it by urself since 2014 Hindus got recognition otherwise these politician have already divided our nation...Hindus were bashed in Hindustan since ages after the democracy and that too due to irresponsible political parties.... I don't agree on bashing any religion but at least be equal....everyone should just keep calm if any other religion is just being bashed or u should speak on everyone's behalf if it happens vice versa....my point is very clear
Prateek Nishant come on be logical and practical, I think you still believe modi's false statement, that baggers are using PoS machine, grow up bhakt
I am really dumbfounded at the bias of this political commentary that seeks to hijack the credit from a splendid performance of one party to be placed it with a mediocre one.
Royal C***yas Bangalore 😂😂😂
Anna is an agent and opportunist.
Everyday this indian hyenas  kill our citizens in Bangladesh india borders.They kill farmers children whenever they want.But our hijra BDR and hijra govt.can't do anything.when we BangladeshI heard that some indian dog killed by Pakistani army,our heart  fills with joy.Hurrah! today is party time.
Dnt worry gay....u will die soon frevr than u dnt have to wakeup
This is just a blame game to fool delhi people , AAP is not at all good party for india , they are urban Naxalites who are anti-india .
Throw them out of India as well
My life with family as an Er. Entrepreneur have been spoiled due to Dubious Actions by Vengeful Officials of corrupted  ISI, SBI, KFC, etc. From 1982 to 1997, they have played with my life as an SSI unit proprietor.  During 1990, I tried justice  from ISI and SBI through Kerala State Consumer Disputes Redressal Commission  and in 1992,  an appeal filed with National CDRC, both Commissions having Judicial as well as Non Judicial Officers found some technical reasons to deny me Justice. I had no advocate to sue my plight. All members of both Commissions realized the truth, but with the help of LIMITATION Act. But my inexperience and obligation towards the system, I became silent and continue efforts to revive and rehabilitation of my Sick SSI unit with full cooperation of Industries Department. On 7.7.1995, I paid to KFC on One Time Settlement in full spirit of letter  of KFC dated 23.6.95. But my inability to please the corrupted Officials, the unit taken over by Revenue Recovery Act on 30.5.95 was kept with custody of KFC. I was at  Head Office of  KFC, Trivandrum  after my OTS payment, till a road accident at Palauan over Trivandrum on 6.3.97.  I was under treatment from Medical College  Trivandrum, Kannur District Hospital, City Hospital Mangalore, etc and in least of 1997, I visited KFC  HO with the help Crutches, and realised that instead of blood, water is flowing through the Officials and the same day visit Kerala State CDRC and very next day filed a complaint against KFC. After three months, the Commission received reply from KFC with copy to me. On the basis of KFC's reply, the Commission started dictating Judgement and Dismissed my Complaint directing to Sue in Civil Court. Next day I filed a Review Petition besides few other. The Hearing Day when I stand with help of Crutches and started to express my view, the Commission President threatened on huge cost to be Ordered against me. I managed to escape the so called Consumer Court with fear.  But still I know that any one have common sense will award justice to me from National and State CDRC on both cases.  After ,1977 to 2009, I was under acute mental depression. I started writing to Central And State Governments and hence passed 5 pages G O, in 2010 direct KFC to settle issues at Board Level and to write to various Ministries of Government of India to enquire and compensated me due to Dubious Actions by ISI and SBI.  But my efforts continue yet, the Corrupted Officials also continue to resist my efforts at my 67th age.  What we understand from the synopsis of plight-  Officials have good salary and support from all cadre of Government to save corrupted ones with the backing of so called Provision in court both Judicial and Quasi Judicial, like CDRCs, Human Rights Commissions, etc.  My plight covered by Malayalam Manorama, The Hindu, Deepika, Deccan Chronicle, etc.. and are at my face book account. Shall I await for an early justice from the Authorities concerned within my last days and which will light to effectively to formation of New safety measures to self employed personals and prevent such bad experiences suffering by me and family. Sincerely, Elembilayi Sadanandan, Vishnu Nilayam, Chovva,  Kannur, Kerala 670006. Mob 9388523453 9809274436. Email e.sadanandan@gmail.com God's Choicest Blessings be Showered on to all who go through and who reluctant to give justice or who had any role to suffering of mine.
what a shame!! such nonsense !!! :((
RSS thug
everyone is finding the heat but for sure he will kill all the big fishes and feed the small one soon. We have taken the pain of congress rule for 60 yrs now i think we should give him a chance and support him so that we have a bright future.
So dumbfuck idiots like u want all changes in 2 months government ... Wow
Sonu nigam goes mad respect other religions too, is f u not interested to keep cotton inside its ears .
This is a continuous process your keep the force young unlike press where a thirky can continue to write unless he is not declare insane by medical.professionals
Rajnath and Meghraj are part of the entire dirty game of demonetisation and have never missed an opportunity of doing flattery. Where is money which was to be brought back to India from Switzerland their boss is repeatedly speaking about with tears in his eyes. Chamchas have no right to write.
The most sanki pm ever.   Everyday changes his statement.
Amit Mitra please stop  shut yr mouth, and pour money in the state for development . I do not support any politics
No need now to tell wht kejriwal is like.Now he stands exposed.Everyone knows him now.He is a big con. He will dye his polititical death very soon.A big dramabaz.Aap n kejriwal doesn't even a good funeral.
Top 10 tricks played by the media to control the masses:   1. Project 'everything is fine' in default mode- even if they are not - thus lulling sheople into complacency. ( buffer routine 'news', sports, celebrity gossip, science, etc. ). This technique is used by shepherds rearing sheep for slaughter.  2. Emphasise individual identity (nationality, religion, state etc.), to ensure subconscious separation ( the divide and rule policy ).   3. Contrive 'voice of the poor' / 'protest power' etc., though these do not exist. This deludes people to 'think' they are in control.   4. Stage events ( 'astro turfing', 'shills', 'fake witnesses', 'crisis actors' etc. ), to either fabricate 'mass movement', create paranoia or extreme fear, or distract masses from real issues.  5. Use sports, celebrities and gossip etc., to divert from real issues ( and shape public opinion ).  6. Play key supporting role for big sponsored false flag events, hoaxes, etc. ( for wars, laws, create fear, distract, etc.) Many of your favourite news anchors and journalists are in fact establishment ( intelligence ) officers.  7. Portray government as victim of crime ( cheating, assault, etc. ), so that the sheople would not later protest draconian laws against themselves.  8. Manufacture extreme fear, through exaggerated claims of disease, enemy power, terrorism, etc., ( to support wars, desensitise or divide people, for example )   9. 'Media black out', ( non reporting leads to ignorance or dumbing down ), or reporting with malevolence, ( stereotyping or demonisation ) - the most common control technique.   10. Lastly, and most secretive, the media is owned by a handful of corporations and suppresses other sources of information. Media forms  the 'matrix' - a web of illusions to deceive the masses, and along with 'politics' are both secretly owned by banking families.   Next time your favourite news media 'breaks news', ask yourself: ""Is this true, or is this their latest shill / hoax / false flag operation""?
We dont even have full time defense minister today.. Parrikar ran away to goa to his leisure days.. Rajnath is just a mule doing kadi nindaa aur Arun jaitley.. Lesser said better.. After demonetisation fiasco can't hope on him.. Importantly our PM is busy inventing acronyms and worried more about Muslim women..... We have lost almost 180 Army jawans and officers since last 3 years.... And I have never seen such incapable government
Everybody say Voice of ""Sonu Nigam"" is Gift of Almighty God but Sonu Nigam make an objection on the ""VOICE OF GOD"", how ungrateful you are!!!. You have to apologise as soon as early on you're stupid objection with Muslims for hurting their sentiments on before #Almighty_God take back his precious gift from you lol.
Great steps to control the fraud frogs 🐸 of the Country
This fellow is communal!
dog
Hold problem start from muslims don't blame  US
Indian secularism is green in  colour.........why?????   Think ....only 1 conclusion....vote bank politics.....
I thought you will come back stronger.....😂😂😂 What the hell was that.... 'Congressi'😂
NDTV which is a Bollywood Chamcha is unable to digest the fact that Bollywood is beaten.
U indian express people are ominous!! Bloody idiots...
Facilitating bank thuggery is the idea behind this exercise. Who said banks love you?
check the fight scene of 56year old... which u cant do in ur young age... he has done this action scenes without any dupe
BC 2 thappad Arvind Kejriwal k bhi Mardio Kumar Vishwas woi tha jo JNU me yahi logo ki azadi k narey lagane wale lafango ka saath dene gya tha aur defend krrha tha un kutto ko
THIS  IS  NOTHING NEW  IN  THAT  TERRROR  NATION, RIGHT???  OUR GUTTER MEDIA AND TV CHANNEL ANCHORS AND EDITORS OF NEWSPAPERS APPEAR TO BE FUNDED BY ANTI-NATIONAL AGENTS AND TRAITORS  AND THEY HAVE BEEN DOING THE SAME DIRTY TRICKS FOR THEIR PAY-MASTERS FOR MORE THAN 500 YEARS TOO!  AND THESE MEDIA CROOKS AND PSEUDO-INTELLECTUALS AND TRAITORS ARE SO GOOD IN MAKING DIRTY HIMALAYAN MOUNTAINS APPEAR AS MOLE HILLS AND MAKE MOLE HILSS APPEAR OR SELL TO THE WORLD AS HIMALAYAN MOUNTAINS!  CAN ANY ONE TELL ME WHY DEVELOPED NATIONS AND UNITED NATIONS HAVE STILL NOT NOTED THE BRUTAL ETHNIC CLEANSING OF MILLIONS AND MILLIONS OF MINORITY  HINDS,SIKHS, BUDDHISTS, JAINS ETC IN THE GHOST NATION PAKISTAN DURING THE PAST 50 YEARS AND MORE???  IS IT BECAUSE THAT THE MINORITIES OF PAKKISTAN as well a minority hindus, Sikhs, Buddhists, jains ethnically cleansed even in s ecualr Kashmir state, ARE NOT CONSIDERED AS HUMAN BEINGS AND TREATED ONLY AS SACRIFICAL LAMBS???  AND WE CALL THIS GLOBAL SICKULARISM??? OR BIASED SECULARISM???  REMEMBER THIS ETHNIC CLEANSING OF MILLIONS AND MILLIONS OF MINORITIES OF PAKKISTAN IS THE BIGGEST HOLOCAUST AFTER THE YEARS OF CRUSADES AND RELIGIOUS WARS OF EARLIER CENTURIES! AND EVEN INDIAN RULERS ,  SADLY HAVE NOT MADE ENOUGH NOISE ABOUT THIS HOLOCAUST IN PAKKISTAN AS WELL ETHNIC CLEANSING OF LAKHS AND LAKHS OF MINORITY HINDUS, SIKLHS, BUDDHISTS,ETC IN SECULAR KASHMIR STATE OF SECULAR HINDUSTAN, IN INTERNATIONAL FORA OR EVEN IN DOMESTIC MEDIA, SHAME!  WHAT PREVENTS SUSHMA SWARAJ FROM MAKING MEDIA STATEMENTS AND NOT PUTTING PRESSURE IN UNITED NATIONS TO DECLARE PAKKISTAN AS TERROR STATE  CONSIDERING THE BRUTAL ETHNIC CLEANSING OF MILLIONS AND MILLIONS OF MINORITY HINDUS,SIKHS, BUDDHISTS,ETC,ETC IN THAT GHOST NATION SINCE 1947  AND WHY EVEN BJP SPOKESPERSONS PARTICIPATING IN TV CHANNEL SHOWS AND DEBATES ARE SO SCARED TO MENTION THE WORD ""ETHNIC CLEANSING""  OF HINDUS,S IKHS, BUDDHIST, ETC IN KASHMIR STATE AS WELL AS IN PAKKISTAN TOO!!! WHAT A SHAME!
Does MCI and the govt guarantee the availability of generic drugs at the chemist and the quality of the same. A knee jerk reaction with no prior planning
Ratish Menon Now u fking blackies will tell us what to do 😂😂 ,just one thing we r coming better watch out.
I think the bike is being assembled now, till then this crap is presentedto entertain us.
That it did not, for sure, under congress rule when you were active in that party.
His words have shown that he was mistakenly taken birth in India. He must have born in an African jungle.
They want nation to become a superpower . Becoming a superpower didn't only mean u make missile launch satellite or get million of foreign investment .where is infrastructure where the hell majority of population getting basic facility like healthcare. Water and education.  Jst increase unemployment  .......
hope the bike does not sound like them...what a sissy!
Show more intent ? Yeah more intent than fiddling with Anushka's ti💋💋ies on valentine's day instead of preparing for the tough Oz... Now it is time for him to ✊✊✊🍄💦💧💧💧 👎 And where is IdliSambarBuddhi coach Kumble and the Sardar Joker Harbhajan whose comment has become the best Sardar joke I've heard in a while... Gone is Kohli's swagger and snoot... He's like Mary's little lamb now...
Kavindra Singh Bisht and I can see Indians.crying after.receiving his dead body wait for it.
Says the man who stole all the ideas from Tesla
O what kind of singer he is..had a respect for him.ur sound is God gifted.Hope God does not make him deaf and dumb...then he will realize the power of prayer
It's not about Yogi Adityanath. It's about biased media. You should read my reply again. Also, if you Google about what you are saying you will see some follower of his said that. And a follower doesn't define a person.   Having said that, I am not advocating Yogi, I am against paid media that's just publishing random speculation instead of solid well researched news.
They never admit their crooked deeds.  & don't believe them, they are rogues.
Big bazaar is owned by future group and not reliance.  Kishore biyani is the owner.
Shame
Terrorist Country...and its Coward Army ..lead by a biggest Liar Army Chief ...
Who knew of a Republican Party of India women's wing before this ""controversy""? Made up controversies to publicise a political party..
So israel is now like america and the UK, National Fascism has taken control of the country. My Sincere Apologies to the People of Palestine for with america, UK,and israel under nationalist fascism your lives will become harder and the Genocide/Aparthied that you are under will increase in every way.
M nt disrespecting Balasaheb... But lions dont hire donkeys ....in gujrat lyk hardik patel for Gujrat electn !! 😑😑
Bc i thought he won majority
Shahid RASHID....u pig....what r u saying Nice for....u feel happy abt this...??? Shame on u....be ready for the  consequences.
Simple, threat is a threat, whether it is by pamphlets or fatwa, miscreants have to be punished for trying to incite violence.
What to do if a male colleague keeps staring at your breasts?
You are privileged doesn't mean that everyone is.. Mothers go to work not just for herself but to give better education, lifestyle to her kids.. We respect your views but no need to degrade the very sentiment of working moms!
Sonu nigam said his felt pain. All religions should stop force influence on people by all means. His mentioned community has lion share in noise
See who is commenting,  Sauw choohe kha ke Billi Haj ko nikli, mohd bhai, zera apne geeraban mai jhaank ke deku, the same budhi you are mentioning has been lost by radical muslims in panun kashmir
karan, you are exactly what she said. you allowed her views to be aired. that does not make you great. it just shows you are a thick-skinned , shameless rogue of bollywood industry.
MODI ONLY NEED PLACE TO TRAVEL. AND NEWS CHANNEL NEED NEWS FOR MONEY. THEY JUST FIND THE PROBLEM NOT ACTUAL SOLUTION. SHAME ON INDIA NEWS CHANNEL AND INDIA PRIME MINISTER.
Muslims respect other religion🤔 Joke of the day......
YOGI ADITYANATH is a good option a young n fearful LEADER better than Rajnath Singh
Lol.... Indian Express what is happening with u... Please see the results now.. biased media
Rubbish.
LOL! Sonu nigam senseless musician
Haha u proved u r not son of one father but many
Everything start with cow nd end with it like there's nothing else to talk and by the way beef ban is by SC not BJP govt so open up ur mind a little b4 barking
Lies, rumors, discrimination & deception etc have become a part of food for indian media houses......this is unfortunate and alarming! Now they should join prostitution industry
Idiots
This shows he doesn't have much projects on his hands. At least something is required to be in a limelight even if one has to use cheap tactics..!!!
Strongly agreed..... Precisely that is the reason Gandhis become rhetoric. They have two choices a) Adopt true democracy model instead of democracy-family model where every institution and responsibilities/roles are manipulated based on their desire and diminishing/Marginalized the power of it. Also change the idiot position they have taken in secularism (Gone extremely left under M & C + A legacy of right wing & leader left wing ) , stop damaging state-center relationship and come out from China setback, their heart has freeze, Why? Because I had read about Gen Kaul who was related to Mr. Nehruji. This model has severe problem and country cant be ruined because of inability to think right. b) A regional out fit and then limited to 10 seats in next 10 years.... Other point related to this i want to make ""Lord has given excellent chance to Arvind Kejriwal but same mind set problem, visited few places in Left wing states and right wing states & discussed with Yogender Yadav, Sanjay Singh, Sisodia & then designed political foundation looking at Nehruvien model and added Karl Marks philosophies.  I say with firm conviction and command that south/west parties (BJP is fast getting imprint of this model) should increase their presence across the India so that we can have a fresh ideology, appropriate power sharing, strengthen state-center relationship, understanding of cultural values........
India should send their brave Gau-Rakshaks to Pakistan, to lynch Pakistanis, like they lynched Aghlaq Khan , to retaliate for these murders and mutilation.
Dogs are considered impure in the dangerous ideology followed by Azam Khan whose ancestors were forcefully converted.. .. For us normal people dogs are mans loyal friend.. 😊😊👍👍
Too bad Modi let the NWO convince/force to implement demonetization or cashless society. 92 percent cash based society for 60 plus years. 5 percent use electronic means to pay their bills. GDP and the poor will be affected. Congrats India - but let's try to help the poor.
Look U hav acheived many more things  Like  India Is No 1 in Porn watching India is the only country where sucide rate is high India is the only country Where U can not say anything to cow but u can rape a women India is the only country where more than 70% people hav no toilets India  India is the Only country where people Drinks their Own Urine...Cows urine😜 well come to incredible india lol Gaurav Kumar Pushpendra Kumar Saket Mishra Nitin Chopra Subhash Agrawal
He is coward fled from army..he only wants to remove congress  and work as rss bjp agent..he never wants to remove corruption.he is useless guy.
Such a shame they even cant find groceries in big bazar or in spencers
Burhan vani was a freedom fighter  not a terrorist indian army is terrorist
Opposition  shut your  fucking mouth  . And prove your self that you are speaking   for the benefit  of India not against   India.
Sharika Parmar Tanvi Barua Amaal Akhtar Avarna Ojha I like her. I really do. Hell with Priyankas and Parineetis.
Procession is also happening in Muslim during eid e milud up nabi where ak47 shooting sound is played in background ,  ursh, moharram n Friday kutba speechn Friday road block  where molvi shouts is lungs out...   misuse of speakers should b ban by every religious body...
U r comparing a once in a year festival to 5 times daily... crazy ppl
5k extra for 128 gb model. Are you guys crazy ??? In U.S its just $40 extra i.e INR 2700
He just created a controversy to be in limelight and coverage otherwise this is as useless as ""EA"" in the word ""TEA""
s there more pain  fr real estate sector ?
True bmc the so called bastion of Shiv Sena,but the numbers tell a different story. Had the shs impact been there they would have had a complete majority and the bjp would have been left decimated. Still BJP has a chance to edge ahead of shs.
Take a lesson from Ms. Shiela Dikshit,former Delhi CM.[warangal]
What about the concerts u perform in? Isn't it distrbng for the people living in adjoining areas...stop acting foolish ...
Fake democracy
Good she escaped India and this madness!
27 % islamics are terrorists....they all should be killed...specially in pakistan .talibaan ..afghanistan..iraq.syria..saudi..and in india also
' Only murderous cpm is secular' what a joke !
Whatever failure is because the people of our Country is downright corrupt. The people in the  Banks, Media,Income Tax and other enforcing agencies etc. OF COURSE NOT ALL. THERE ARE MANY WHO HAD  HELPED TREMENDOUSLY TO  REMONITISE AND BRING IN AN ERA OF DIGITAL ECONOMY. SMALL TRADERS EVEN IN KOLKATA ARE GOING CASHLESS.
Chaddis never join AAP...u came along with other chaddis to eradicate congress...
Please advise Latha to shorten her unnecessary and useless lecturing. She is one of the most boring. Sonia is excellent.
not bigger chutiya than u people when whole world is praising india and porki people got isolated from their own najayaz papa america....loll
They. Will b successful.. Coz. Indian soldiers can cry on social media only.... Now i m ashamed of them... Huh... Till how long we support them??
Bank of Baroda's Wilful Defaulters' list is out and the numbers aren't pretty. The top 5 defaulters alone account for over INR 355 Crores of NPAs.
He isn't a social worker. He is a BJP agent
you peoiple has helped to divide India based oin religion and made Muslism country and destroyed India ---do not give lecture in Sanghi ok.
yeah the country sellers passed the lokpal but country savers are not able to implement it
So what. Indira Gandhi accused of killing innocent during emergency Rajiv Gandhi accused of killing thousand Sikh But they r #BharatRatna 😂😂😂
We should eat even court now allow , its basic right of human, no one interfere in such things, shame on our govt either in center or state who are doing such cheap politics
Sonu wants national awards
very  shameful  comment. we respect  you as a great  singer.hindu -muslim we are all indians.be ware of  such words ---------
Hack a website. Rape a girl. That's what Randian can do
Good pass time during the phase of joblessness
Please go to ur prime moron who stays in Pak , and don't interfere in the work of our Honorable PM.
Same headlines in all news reports... Ha ha ha..... Real yellow journalism.... The lines were decided by Amit shah and gang.... I had watched the entire vedio he had pulled the legs of all politicians including Modi many times and also central govt.... He was asking people to think beyond politics... That's all.... Not any vielded attack Arvind Kejriwal as you have mentioned...!!!!
Needs to be severely taught public manners
Exis Polls are carried out thru huge Payout to Media houses. BJP have enough resource under its arm after Note Bandhi.  So this exit poll, is just done for money, without moral responsibility.
Azaan-prayer how could it disturb anyone! I am Hindu we have a masjid in our neighborhood, we have wakened up by Azaan since childhood, we have no problem with it. stop dividing us! being a public figure you should know what to say and what not to say!
We can try that too...first we will extend the appointment and when he falls for it we nab him...everything is fair in love and war.
She was our MP not good no developmenty
I have talked of cyber crime not of theft by physical crime. Ashish do not negate an idea by foolish example.
These RSS/BJP goons are working hard to take India back to medieval days
Because Islam is the most wrongly portrayed blamed disrespected misinformed religion to nonmuslims by media..
Against 2 Army javan we need 200 pak  army killed. ..we need more
You guys are presstitutes
This is his FoS.....Why such issue?
Nonsense. Pothu curry and pashu Curry are both eaten extensively...
Bulshit?
Kumar is because of kejriwal otherwise he will be zero not hero He is big fraud
RJ Noronha ""And let's also ignore the fact that the most developed state in India, Kerala, has a long history of Communism"" In which world? Most developed states in India are Maharashta and Tamil Nadu who have never voted for commies, only place where kerala is ahead is producing cheap labour for gulf. Whats the benefit of education system wid no jobs. On per capita its 11 th and Bengal is 21st with 33 years on uninterrupted communist rule. Own up to your failures
Fool. He first confirm what he stating. The remark of DOG made by Khargae an Congrass leader and not Modi. Any way Azam has told the truth that remarks is not correct and he has to tell it Rahul and Akalish since Azam is reported to be powerful leader of SP in UP which had election alliance with Congrass.
Yes and BCCI is playing with Indian sentiment in favour of extra money. It is true... BCCI only sees money and not cricket quality or love of the fans...
He put the whole police force after his buffolos went missing and sacked them also. His mainstay is rape is legal and pass as per SP Manifesto.
http://indianexpress.com/article/india/fatwa-issued-against-reality-singing-star-nahid-afrin-by-42-clerics-4569825/  Dear Indian Express, I feel sorry to write that your journalists are out there to misinterpret events and present them in a distorted manner just to make some sensational headlines. The news about upcoming singer Nahid Afreen has been prepared without proper research and investigation. It was very sad to see that your journalists don't even know the difference between fatwa and appeal.  A fatwa is a non-binding legal opinion issued only by a qualified jurist (Mufti) on a request by someone who is unable to understand religious guidelines whereas the leaflet that is being circulated and presented as Fatwa is just a hard copy of an appeal signed by 46 men who believe in religious practices. The merit of appeal can be discussed on many grounds and in many dimensions but first and foremost, an appeal can not be called a legal opinion (Fatwa).  We expect apology from your side for such a mistake
Really? I'm not the one dictating an official language all the while degrading others you hypocrite.  There is a reason why Jews have been hated throughout history and this is yet another example of their tyranny.
Shamefull comments from famous personality hurts.......
So avoiding unwanted pregnancies and preventing HIV and other sexually transmitted diseases is going against the culture and ethos of India.  What a stupid and reactionary statement.  Being a prude is bad enough but a dangerous prude that's appalling.
Only 60
It's ur MY eqution with cong alliance..that u r in some fight..otherwise ur karnama could have wiped u
How can you abuse south ? Dont cross line they are indian
Why we have to west time. Scrap LOC Ceasefire accord's 2014 NDA . Start surgical strike.
Well what happened to srabjeet happens with Jadhav than u can imagine what will happen to Pakistanis in Indian custody firstly but also it prove us right that Pakistan is rogue state.... It is bad for good Pakistani civil society to move around the world with raised head... I hope Pakistan doesn't chose to go that way which makes every Pakistani being framed as murderer.. atleast Pakistani army takes this in to consideration
Ha ha ... the introduction video resembles like ""direct to hell"" ...
Petroleum product dealer's and Petrol Pump owners are looting and cheating with the poor people of this Country in active conievence with Petroleum PSU""s with impunity under corrupted influence.  Now some action is taken in Uttar Pradesh which proved that petrol pumps are cheating the buyer's by manuplating the  meter and sell lesser quality. This is happening in all over India and hundreds of complaints are on record despite no action. This can not go on with out the conievence of concern officials of oil companies and weight and measur department under corrupted influence for obvious reasons.  Will the Government take notice and direct immediate action to curb this practice of cheating /loot by petroleum product dealers and petrol pump owners.
Bloody dog
Who gave this sutpid survey.  At band 40, I get max speef of 2.32 mbs. At band 5, I get max speed of 1.17 mbs.  But yesterday when i was at jio service center the speed was 23 mbs at band 40 and 2.23 mbs at band 5. These speed are tested at Rampur and delhi C.P. over oklah speed test.  To watch movie on youtube at i have use my BSNL 3g network because jio buffer a lot at 144 kbs size.  Now i have given money plz give us some proper speed.
Lund is kashmiri no one kashmiri bc Kashmir india ka tha india ka hai or India ka hi rahe ga
He is a bloody bastered  who always  speak  against hidndus  I think  he needs  a D N A test I presume  he is son of a Muslim who always spits poison  a case of anti national activities be registered against him keeping his past record
This would end in near future just go with this kind of politics ... You are moving a pendulum in one direction take it to the farthest point and believe me one day this pendulum would revert back to its original position.
You are a shame Mr. Mallya, did u forget you were a member of the same parliament. Also, not paying employees is a criminal ofense as you take away their basic wages making people starve in poverty and emotionally harasses their family. If morality were to previal you should be left in a dark cell with no light for the rest of your life.
This is a dirty party from top to bottom.
some kind of funeral going on.... Bajaj, you are launching a product, but it should not have been like a Funeral theme
These are all the dirty deeds of Terrorists who guise themselves as Muslims.  Islam has been hijacked by the Wahabi Salafis to demonise its good name so that Muslims are hated all over the world.  And dont forget the role convincingly played by the international media to pour salt on the gaping wounds caused by all these atrocities on mankind, and Muslims themselves among the highest victims, in Afghanistan, Iraq, Libya, Syria, Yemen and many in African countries.  These facts explains that these terrorists are not Muslims (in the real sense of the word) but paid proxy armies, nurtured, protected, assisted bt the greatest Terrorists the world has ever seen - Israel, America and GB. This is the truth, the absolute   truth only known by knowledgeable people. We are all being taken for a long windy ride to make the world believe what  what they want us to believe.  Unfortunately a huge percentage of the world's population took the bait, hook, line and sinker.
Gandhi Killer Ram (Nathu) Temple in India......  Big Shame 4 India........
She's so ignorant Megha Mukherji
He's done ✅ gone end of a singer 👨‍🎤 has no job what could he do to get attention. This time he has hit the WRONG NOTE
Then what you will say for not taking Kashmir when we won 1971 war and 1947 war..  Why Hindu pandit were killed in Kashmir..  Why there is no voice from you when Hindus are murdered in Muslim majority states. WB,  UP,  all had attacks against Hindu,  I don't see any left,  Muslim or Congress crying for that
And now they say doctors should not be beaten up
Scripted and orchestrated by invisible hand of feku.
@CNBC-TV18 do you know how irritating the background music is when you are listening something important.
icicibank disaster !!!
Yea modi. Dont worry abt rape being outa control, who knows its probably BJP doing it. He acts like he worries about married lady's life and not abt ladies getting raped!!! Not a single word has come out of modis mouth yet adressing the rape problem !
If he is slapped by YOGI he may land in hospital.
Sack both of them..
Suspected ISIS?? What is wrong with these pseudosecular press... Shame on #IndianExpress
The launch is boring as hell!! But the comments here are hilarious. Keep them coming lol!
its not your fault. mental illness is in your blood
She's probably tryn to get the limelight she hasnt got.. after all she's a commoner.. n by d way work plus family can only b handled by educated n talented women and she's definitely not d one. Its btr for her to be a homemaker
He is half smart to the point of being a fool😁
just politics
He is not needed by his own party so had to be seen heard
This guy is the brand ambassador of MRF (Mentally retarded fellows).
Israel continuing their heavy hand of racism. So sick of these Zionist Jew dogs.
Another prejudiced idiot who is putting the cart before the horse. Interesting thing, they opined in such a fashion as if an expert in socio-psychology. AND it is Indian Express bring forward such idiots.
Kajol clarified saying...she was eating aunty not Mommy.. go to her house.. you cowards.. and punish her, if you've guts.. hypocrites..
Be cool randians mind it this z called real sirgcal strike lol. Even ur own media is accepting it.
Not sure If you're normal human being or a alien  Visit India once minorities living much better life here Just curious to know why it always you peace loving peoples discriminate people based on religion  According to you Bombing people, Shoving Islam down to people throat is not ""julm"" right ?😒  Grow a pair dude
Well she did look ridiculous and you guys need to hire better people to write about ""fashion"" and ""style"" ... evidently the ones writing are terrible at it.  Edit : They both looked ridiculous
This man is a shameful to Congress party soniya madem should lockout his fool from congress
Looks like in masjids and church people are taught to hate Modi
Nikhil Sinha So you mean to say a country without Muslim is the safest country in the world? Japan(a country with no Muslims) is on the 8th spot of most peaceful countries. Iceland(a place where 0.3% people are Muslim) is on the first place. Clear your misconceptions first about Islam.
Indian Express is being handled by Pakistani mullas!!
facetious: facetious fəˈsiːʃəs adjective treating serious issues with deliberately inappropriate humour; flippant  I am sure every person making rape threats got that
And they say muslims women are kept at highest regard.
Black money is not a cash money you idiots ... it is the money in swiss banks ... they don't use 500 rupee 1000 rupee
Stop barking u endian beggars... This war will continue till the freedom...
why kashmiri might have not mutilated
^So are many #muslims in 2002 riots , so are #dalits in #laxmanpur-bathe riots and so are #tribals in #kandhamal riots .all riots incited by a single organisation and it's followers.But still hypocrites will not utter a single word.
And they have ambulances for cows ! Shame on people who voted for corrupt and tyrants for the past few years.
Or rather shouldn't be allowed to
I am indian now mr Not like u  U won't understand Communists nation  U even don't have a democratic nation  Atleast I am better than u Atleast I don't have mini eyes that I can't see the reality mr Shutup and speak in ur page U can't even oppose ur government And came here for speaking Poor guy
He is 9th powerful man in the world dont forget it everyone
We mourned the attack on army school by talibans in Pakistan, and you guys are so ruthless that you laugh at someone's death.. This shows how inhumans you people are.. I hope the karma has got something for you guys in the store..
Being dalit is the best thing to happen nowadays in India.Get 20 percent marks u can become a doctor. Get 5 percent more and u become an IAS officer or become a politician in reserved quota. And all at no cost. What more you want man.
corrupt  joker.
Anna hazare is a big cheater. He is none now.
Where are the olemas of AIMLB ? Triple talaq is so impulsive that even husband regrets later on after uttering it. This is also not in Quran and thats'why majority of Muslim countries don't observe this cruel system. Even in India sects like Ahle Hadith, Shia don't follow it.
100% agree with him! But it also applies to Temples, Gurdwaras as well as Mosques! Yu just can't single out just any one. Morning, Afternoon, Evening & Nite time propaganda of all religions thru Mike's & blaring speakers has to stop!
his golden era has gone a decade ago...now trying to be part of politics specially bjp......listen..there are various festivals throught the year..with loud speakers...on that case we never feel disturbance....becoz we know that thats the part of INDIA...
Will some one tell here that if it was through mortar fire or gun fire from accross the boarder or LOC....how come the bodies were mutilated????? They were hit from a distance ...right... or Indian Army is accepting the fact that Pak army cross the LOC and killed their soldier...??? Question is it means that it was a real surgical strick from Pak ... and it has been happening continueosly for quit some time ...how could you cant protact yiurself ...?????? Pathetic Army #Rapendian Army
Gold and diamond never required quality certificate --->you old nut -Ben...frank..R.I.P( Rest in peace )
Where the so called secular, now all secular become deaf and dumb.
I am sure Mr Modi will feed lay the table #BEEF  #MOTTON  for him because he is arabic so he can ..but we can't
some arabic disgrace....use pork piss Son And have pork tikka then with some pork nihari.....as per chapter number 47 verse 99
Oh. So how are you isi agent and bhakt dog
I blame the politicians - nothing can b discussed rationally. Everthing must be dissected into how many points they can score off their political rivals.  Ppl like Rahul Gandhi should take lessons from Shashi Tahoor of his own party With these examples all around, the average Indian goes on a rampage on the streets
He is totally mad..due to No earnings.so please let him leave some peace.
But now that Modi campaigned, you will get wiped out.
baat ashta ki nahi vote ki hai ashth ki hoti to chamre ka saman juta belt sab ghar se bahar phek dete ek ne bhi phenka nahi kahan gayee ashtha gaaye hatya ki baat karte ho
Amitab is a flop actor too Just old movies were hit Now he's an flop actor and I'll consider him flop (butthurt don't reply I don't lick like u... Appreciate the talent not the legacy)
Really? do you care Then what about others Where were you when other things happened  Why are you supporting those who created this issue (Rouge Media) Please watch    https://youtu.be/fKRVDLE0agY  You will understand
Expert at making threats aren't you?  And your hate towards converts truly reveals your character, and the havoc people like you cause.
Problem with some of the anti modi journalist is that they are running away from reality what they think and write in their column is only their  bias opinion which has no impact on masses one senior editor of Maharashtra went extreme and said bjp will come third after sp and bsp after his so called extensive travelling In UP during election these are the ones who are not analysing situation and are now shocked to see outcome further salt to their wound was rubbed with appointment of yogi
He is doing for his country men. Immigrants are secondary. Syria was a fuck up. But on domestic side he is doing well. Illegal crossing has decreased. Business are going to US. He is doing well.
why don't muslims wear ""crescent moon"" on their forehead.
Jha DarshFor those who still brainwashed to think that terrorism has religion...........Which terror organisation did max no of terrorist attacks in the world ???? It's ULFA they r Hindus not Muslims.  They did 749 conformed terrorist attacks .which terror organisation did maximum no of killings in the world ??? It's LTTE they killed more than 60000 innocents ( 3 times than Isis) . LRA Christian terrorist organisation killed more innocents than Alkhyda . Have ever seen it in western media . It's a western media propaganda to portray all terrorist as Muslim . In reality there r dormant nonmuslim terror organisation across the world like IRA ETA Antimatter Bala Maoists KKK The raising path etc..
Anna hazare is a rss agent,,,  ::: raghu ram rajan,
Bjp didnot come up with the logic of the most notorious boy being made the class monitor just to improve his behavior.
cpm is a pain
Mujeeb india is not secular but sickular... Friend...here we have peoples like zakir naik who got freedom to talk all the non sense...about islam...that much india have bcome for muslim appeasement bcoz of congress ..n left . Ya i know there is temple...UAE is a bit liberal country...i have seen their shiek saying Jay shri ram.... But saudi a global sponcer of terrorism.. N the problem is not wth worship or something...but to distub someone in the name of religion whether it is azaan or morning bhajan.... Sorry i disagree wth u....freedom of religion isnt absolute...u cant have religion loud speakers nesr to a hospital ...or something like that... That the only orthodoxity of islam has created all mess in the world...twisted jihad to end global peace with terrorismm.. The problem with islam is it was a religion which came for Reformation .but it needs Reformation first . Muslims r having polygamy, triple talak, halala...in 21 century...wow... Muslims will use modern technology but they wll use old age laws...quran is ok...but sharia...oh god... If muslims want to follow sharia they should follow in criminal cases too...like hand shud be chopped for stealing
Then who d blody hell done this cruelty basterds.. we never forget what Ct. Kalia have faced in 1999 at Kargil... His eyes,ears,bones .... Everything have lost ... U dirty predators..
Lol stop commenting here  And go get some change for tomorrow idiots
The Sikhs are a very peace loving community & don’t seek criminal retribution against anyone. Our Gurus have taught us to help other people in need irrespective of their caste or creed. During the days of the Mughals, the Sikhs used to protect the Hindu families & their women from the Muslims. All that they want from the Govt is that a proper & unbiased legal action be taken against the accused in order to infuse some sense of hope into the victims’ families of which they have been deprived for so many years. The Govt also has to provide adequate money & resettlement options for many of the victims’ families who lost their breadwinners in the Genocide & are still living in urban ghettos.  THIS INCIDENT HAS REALLY SHAKEN THE FAITH OF THE SIKH MINORITY COMMUNITY IN THE INDIAN GOVERNMENT & MANY OF THE AFFECTED FAMILIES HAVE LEFT THE COUNTRY. I distinctly remember those fateful days as I was studying in school in Delhi at that time. For the first time in my life, I felt like being a member of a Minority community in India. Even now, in Delhi & adjoining areas of the Hindi speaking Cow belt, Sikhs are subjected to racist taunts, humiliated & made fun of them due to their unique identity. Even I was subjected to these humiliating taunts during my school days in Delhi.  Her only qualification was that she was the daughter of Jawaharlal Nehru. Nehru was responsible for the Partition of India. You can read the book written by Maulana Abdul Kalam Azad in case you have any doubts.  It is very sad that even 27 years after the massacre of innocent Sikhs that took place between Nov 1-3 1984 following Indira's death no justice has been delivered either to the victims of this heinous GENOCIDE nor any of its perpetrators (mostly local Congress MLAs & their Goons) have been tried or brought to book. According to the BBC, early 20,000 SIKHS were massacred in broad daylight all over India within 4 days & the State Police (like the Delhi Police) did nothing to stop this brutal ETHNIC CLEANSING. They merely stood there like mute spectators watching the grisly spectacle being enacted & at some instances, even colluding with the perpetrators. It is not possible to commit such a large scale murder within such a short span of time without the connivance of local Congress MLAs (or maybe even Senior Congress leaders) who, like in DELHI & elsewhere, incited the mobs with Vitriolic speeches to kill every Sikh & gave their Goons the voters' lists to aid them in tracking down Sikh Homes, freely offered money, distributed arms & offered financial rewards to their Goons to kill the Sikhs as most of these Murderers were illiterate. THEIR SENIOR MINISTERS LIKE JAGDISH TYTLER & KAMAL NATH ARE INVOLVED IN THIS GENOCIDE. During this time, Sikhs were burnt alive in front of their families, killed with Iron rods, & their women were taken & raped & their places of worship desecrated. For the Sikh Community it was like another HOLOCAUST. More casualties happened in CONGRESS ruled states (obviously).The State Police became deaf to the repeated pleas by the affected Sikh families for protection as the irate mobs continued their grisly act in on one Sikh locality after another. In many Sikh localities, entire Sikh communities were wiped out. There are photos of people laughing as they were beating the Sikhs to death.   I was 13 years old in Delhi when this carnage took place. I have very vivid & painful memories of those days. I am also a Sikh, but luckily we were safe as our residence was in the Delhi Cantonment which was a secure area. Had I been in an insecure area, I would have met the same fate. My Father picked up me & my Sister from our School bus on Oct 31, 1984 as we had to walk a slight distance to our house. I remember the entire city being under curfew, between Nov 1-4, 1984 & I did not go to school for a month. An eerie silence of Death was pervading over the entire city. For the first time I felt being someone from the Minority community who is living in a country being ruled by the Majority community. I remember seeing black fumes coming from nearby Janakpuri on Nov 1. We had to install Security guards outside our house for a month before things calmed down though we too got threatening phone calls that a mob is coming to our house too to kill us.   The Government has only adopted delaying tactics till now (even 27 years after the carnage) by forming committees after committees to probe into this MASS GENOCIDE, despite repeated testimonies from the Victims' families in Court whose near & dear ones where killed in these riots, but sadly, JUSTICE HAS NOT BEEN DELIVERED EVEN TILL NOW & the perpetrators & their goons are still roaming scot free. It is obvious the Government is trying to shield them & some Big names are also involved.  I feel the Sikh Community should file a case in the International Criminal Court at The Hague as the Indian Govt has failed to deliver justice to the affected families & till the present Govt is there, no justice will be delivered. JUSTICE DELAYED IS JUSTICE DENIED. Till the Indian Govt delivers prompt & effective justice to the victims of 1984 Anti Sikh Pogroms, I won't be surprised if this carnage is again repeated & it will remain as a DARK CHAPTER IN INDIA'S HUMAN RIGHTS RECORD.
Huge rigging is planned by BJP
Dog remark was for azam khan
In India, u can kill people in the name of religion, but not question Religious practices. All sorts of nuisances shud b banned.
Truly, today PM and Amit Shah (who is out on bail) proved that they are experts in jumlabazi and in spreading lies by replacing the word pineapple with coconut.
The party involved in every immoral activities is demanding resignation of Kejriwal on moral ground ,shame on you.
Useless remark
Look at his ugly beard with ugly dirty hindu mind,he must be hanged
Looking for 5min of fame.  Why would he not use his platform to spread positive energy.  Sad character!
We hv discussed same many times sir. U want to see only one.. which depict u r bhakt of tht one.. u dont want to change.. hw can u  expect other to  change.. my views about you wil remain same for same behaviour:-) freedom for all:-)
This story is an example of yellow journalism.
Swayam Sewaks are always ready to take this responsibility with Lathi in hand and communalism in mind.
Spot on...but it should apply across the spectrum of religions. No one has a right to disturb anyone in the guise of religion and blaring of loudspeakers should be in conformity with the supreme court guidelines.
Cowards attack and jately only speech. Come on let action talk
So what? Stop this nonsense, the whole world is eating beef. Go and stop them if you have the courage to do it.
Bjp govt cheated our Andhra Pradesh we need special status or else your govt will be wiped out in next elections #weneedspecialstatus...
Party of jokers.
Indian Express.. always negative.Don't take them seriously.
Lies have no foot. Every day Indian lies fly in air. Stupid and sick mind people. ........
If AAP retains this old RSS man in the party AK May not be in the current status. He May lost everything if this bjp. Agent stay with him
when they pelt stones on army wa will u call that? does army men have no life? but asking a pig from a failed country is useless
These are the Hindu insulters what is he talking about secularism? They want votes by appeasing some minority communities.
Who is this swayambhu critic. Must not be born during Kashmir atrocities now acting like an expert. Fool
As easy,today feminism is all about male bashing
Now he is Hindu Taliban ..  Curse in you .. India is terrorist as we know 13 Indian terrorists have been killed by american moab missile we request to donald trump please drop a moab missile on India to tackle terrorism 😂😂😂
Illiterate non Bengali's all around.
in india 90 % of crime(caw slaughtering , terrorism , jehad , women exploitation ...) are doing by muslim but our political parties support them for vote banking . a/c to sacher commity report muslim population in 2050 in india will be max. so to return a bright future to our next generation we should not support any islamic parties(congress tmc rjd sp aap bsp)
Meeting between two Religious Fundamentalist Leaders with contrasting religious focii  astonished me!  They buried SECULARISM. the principle that unify people. Perescution, deprivation, oppression, margianillastion, torture and hatred -all these actions are meted out to the minorities in these countries and these leaders are ICONs in their countries..
The complaint that airtel is playing fool with customer: I had gone for plan change on my postpaid number 9789693896. I registered through the website. I was informed that the it will be confirmed in 4 hrs. I did not get any conformation whatsoever. Second time I attempted changing of plan got the same response that this will be confirmed in 4 hrs. Again nothing was received as confirmation or whatsoever. Suddenly an hour back I received a call from chennai saying that the plan change has not taken place and I was advised to contact the call center. When informed to the call center none were capable of doing anything the call was transferred to the manager and he repeated whatever the earlier fellows was saying that was ultimately of no use. If I change plan all the benefits like free internet package offers that was there will be removed. That is the only contention and they refuse take up the request of the plan change in between such that it takes effect on from next billing cycle. but earlier it was done for withdrawing a package but it had an effect on next billing cycle. Every time they create problem and we have to suffer. Call center or the voice support is simply useless as we have to spend our valuable time listening to their nonsense blah...blah and repeated automated messages. It is really doubtful that airtel is really interested in resolving the issues of the customer.
U seriously need education
yes pakistan is ultra superpower which can disobey the verdict
In modi era indian Hinduism is at its peak
look like porkies dont have any media..only crying in indian pages😂😂
Pakistan is damaging hindu temples and in India every day new mosque are coming up. So now what we should do.  In Pakistan Hindus are minority class and in India government is giving reservations in Education and employment.  So should we continue in in giving reservations for Muslims or should stop. If we go on giving importance to Muslims the same people will put us in trouble.
Nobody will talk about the Muslim goons who threw acid bombs & stones at the procession
Opposing Lokpal Bill.  Allowing Anonymous funding by Companies without any limit.  BJP reverses stand on bringing parties under RTI Removing Information Commissioner M S Acharyulu from HRD after allowing the inspection for Modi's Degree.   Still think BJP is pure?
Or may be, for once, you should look into how real this news really is. Your media is pushing you towards a war the end of which will not be pretty for anyone.
This perverted intellectual is friend of Pakistan and enemy of India.  When one of your family gets killed will realize misdeeds of neighbor
You cant lie thats why he only says about opps scams but not about the results of his govt😂
Dude, go back to spelling class moron, I spelt kujliwal
All Indian army was watching  Bahubali 2/ IPL during Pakistan army crossed the border and killed two Dogs and mutilated them 😂😂😂😂😂
Dialogue with pakistan must stop and surgical strike should be done.we should ignore what Digvijay singh had said
This new paper reporters and editors must be smoking Pot!!
Communist dogs need strong handling.
Army guys can not do anything wrong and Feku gives this certificate daily.. shame on Feku
Now he's giving his best to just some how get in to Delhi. This mf had formed KJ. Poor Delhi had suffered a lot. In history it was Mahabharata and now Kejriwal 🤐🤐🤐
'AAP' should be too alert of such people as many more such people may come to harm AAP.
What do Muslims have to say about their share in crimes in non-muslim countries... Muslims use terror against non-muslims to subjugate them...your crimes are 2.5 times your population in India...
Mr. Modi, you should talk like a Prime Minister and not like a gujrati chaiwala.  Every time you.. underestimate national leaders and past and presen chief Ministers of other states.  They have all done good jobs.  Take the case of Gujarat. More than 95 percent the industries including  IPCL, Amul, Reliance to name few were established during the past govts. You must be thankful to them. If they hadn't done it you would not have been able to enjoy the chief Ministership of Gujarat. Similarly because of the good work done by the earlier govts you are now enjoying the Primeministership. Otherwise you would not have been able to make this kind of foreign tours and waste taxmen's hard earned money.  So the humble request to you is not to make voulger comments against past govts and leaders.  One day you will also become "" X "" Prime Minister.
all Indian should now take promise-- Arabi Muslims should be finish until we do not speak any Muslims inside and outside india.
It is right. These students are doing all nuisance leaving their studies. Stupids ....Beat them well and put them in lockup for a week.
This is a stupid reporting by this presstitute.  Being a Hindu, if I shift to a new house I get Havan done. It does not mean I dislike Muslim
Paid survey :-/
Dude, stop watching too many movies, esp c grade Bollywood nonsense and nth grade of your domestic ones.
wat a shameful performance!! this team didn,t even looked like world no 1. it looked like kohli was afraid of the australians while he was batting.
As an eminent lawyer he must be aware of the Supreme Court's order which says Aadhar can't be made mandatory.
He tweeted on usage of loudspeaker in azan not about azan 🙏🙏🙏Stop misguiding people
u cant please butthurts
Certainly iits and iitians are overrated
Say idiot not MP...
Oh Asaduddin Owaisi he is not a good person at all, Our Sikhi Teaches that inside evry person in its soul GOD resides, nd i dont hate his soul bt Mr. Owaisi nature is not a very good one thats my point of view again, few people may find him good too... And as i said Sonu sir isnt a bad person, nd maybe his intention ws to stop noise pollution bt his execution cud hve been slightly different u knw.. Becoz Sonu Sir is a very followed public figure nd he have fans from every religion, so this kind of statement may hurt someone's sentiment.. I mean wts the point in hurting someone, Spread happiness not hatred..
Ana is a chameleon. And a RSS agent.
Manish Vats can you explain on the basis of what facts and data you mentioned whole India is with Modi. Who are you reply on behalf of whole India?
A few more lucky terrorists about to get their 72 virgins soon. 👍🏼👍🏼
Suraj Subramanian You think India is so incapacitated that we don't have any other economist......
Munawar Khan Porkiestan is ISIS PART ONE created on the land of Sindh n Punjab, After Genocideing 30 lakhs Bangladeshis in 1971, Porkiestan funded the Jehadist elements of Kashmir n Genocided millions of Kashmiri Hindus during the 1991, Now Porkiestani Army is Using Chemical Bomb against Innocent Baluchis People..porkiestan Murdabad
Pakistan its a shame full things u doing. ...no need to attack any religion place...nothing different. ..mosque mandir church this is the place we with human being
I want to say this kashmiri boy that how you are wrong,just remember 1990 how Muslim demolished the temples n how they killed pandit without any their fault..
Idiot bjp has won even in rajouri garden  Jaha paper trail use hua
Jio = Failure !!
And you could be the Robert vadra..whose only identity is that he married priyanka Ghandi
But How Much she spend  for his diet ? Such a cheap
Seems intelligence and security r at lowest. Certainly not competent governance.  Big talks but no evidence of any plan or action to combat paki aggression or/and terrorist  attacks. Poor poor poor.
No conspiracy. Must be this Tiwari who organised / stage managed / funded it just to defame other political parties. A couple of years back this character was on Big Boss and that time people could see how much hatred, disrepect, arrogance he has inside of him.
Anna hazare failed in his drama on kejriwal case. Hazare aim is to remove congress from power and he joined with kejriwal. Kejri is clever and he overcome hazare and defeated bjp and opposing till now. Anna hazare wont speak if bjp involve in money scandal, communal violence, hate speeches etc etc. Anna hazare is a hypocritic poison human being. Hazare never thought kejri will come into politics. Hazare may won in defeating congress but lost on kejri matter. Great actor hazare
For ur info amit shah  By the way just appreciate what that old guy has just said rather then questioning about other and past incidents. Trust me if u will give an example then people will give u two.  Lets not play the blame game again and Just show some desh bhakti and show respect.
O you presstitutes, where were you when Hindus were attacked in West Bengal ?
Iam seeing some messages who are opposing..These are the one who are  anti nationals holding black..Modi has hit them hardly..they should die dogs death..
Worship centres should have the decency to reduce the noice pollution created by them irrespective of religions... Islamic mosque's,Hindu mandirs and christian church's are making trouble to the common. Do you think that your God is deaf ? Prayer is a very personal thing between one person and his deity... Government must do something thing to save the common from this kind of inconveniences
Shame Shame Frustrated Jobless Sonu Nigam....
Hindus learn from this u people never give house on rent to any muslims and discriminate all muslims by targeting them as terrorists
CPM & chrsity like u r biggest terrorist in nation.... killing hindus in kerala is part of ur strategy if RSS worker killed by ur CPM goons in leadership of vijayan its part of expanding sickularim isn't Mr....
Bøbby beta we are father ..Remember the history you are our slave 1000 years 😉😂
so lets analyse na the political parties   1) Unlike The reds (Comrades) BJP doesnt have bizzare economic policy 2) Unlike the Congress they dont sell the country  3) Unlike 3rd Front they dont have instability   Sir jee i dont say BJP is corruption free, there might be corrupt leaders BUT atleast  our Top leaders are corruption free   If u have any good ideas start a Polictical party ill be the first one to vote for u (Y)
Very bad,cumunal govt ind why not take secularism step?
Late Night Party! Enjoying Life And Now Once He Woke Up He Start Complaining!
widow
pak known how to defend us i think in will divides into 100 parts
This is how they provok for creating religious riot, so my fellow human know this demon fact and stay way
Nahaz Ali u ppl will cry soon
Kapil Is Worst And Corrupt, His Jokes Are Cheap And Double Standards!
He has also bashed temples...then why are people conveniently ignoring that part to religiously colour his argument ?!
Yes, you're right! In fact, we, the well-intentioned people of the country and the world have so many reasons to believe that our own governments lack clear insights, right intentions and adequate efficiency to eradicate this menace that is eating out our social fabric and polarizing us into hateful communities. Adequate, quick and effective punishment to the 'guilty' and no harm to the innocent is the key if we're really serious in winning this crucial war against terrorism. We can associate terrorism blindly with whosoever we want, but the ultimate loss will be to our chances of uprooting this crime against humanity....and our efficiency will always be doubtful if not intention...
Gandhi Killer Ram (Nathu) Temple in India......  Big Shame 4 India........
That politics has destroyed the valley.... moreover people r also responsible.....force r just a puppet of political system in any contry
Cansel article 370 and give possession Kashmir to Indian army.
What is the definition of legal or licensed.. Is the grocery shop in your colony legal? Think y or y not? If u go by this rule more than 50% of shops would be shut down in the market. This was just to target the people of particular community in the name of law. Selling and eating meet is totally normal it's part of our food chain.
Whole media is misleading the people.  What a shame!
Zulfikar Hutmara first check that how many muslim voted for muslim league in 46&45 elections
Hindus? Have I ever asked you to leave India? You seem to have same irrational and generalising tendency of bhakts. Don't generalise blaming all the hindus.
Who is this f**king idiot
R u gone mad bajaj can never be competitor  to royal Enfield
Like Modi dumped his wife in 21st century.
Oh really then what is shudra guy will u marry your daughter to a chammar or any low caste hindu bloody hypocrite
Horrific this...can't imagine the plight of the poor father. ..shocked..
Idiot
"" state is the biggest criminal"" Anonymous
Arrest  that corrupted judge. I think corrupted Government and Corrupted judges deserve death sentence like those traitors
Pigs lust for blood never ends until they are all eliminated
mr president it was impossible with that gau and gobar policy....
As these politicians are incapable of taking a appropriate decision I humbly request all the three heads of our forces to request the President to give them the authority to take appropriate action to  retaliate and give justice to our brave hearts.
RSS agent
Evm fully fraud
Arti and bhajans are done in temples everyday in morning and evening. Jagrata on weekly basis, and for full month ganesh and Durga puja.......So cut the crap.
Yes that's all Pakistan can do. it only knows how to kill it's own Poor people like in the forward provinces or in Balochistan or poor fisherman or trapped soldiers or people like Sarabjit. Reminds me of eunuchs. That's why you were beaten by the Bangladeshis. Don't worry you will be given a befitting reply..BTW One of your ISI colonel is still missing from Nepal border.
If one of our soldier is hurt.. They should kill atleast 100 porkistanis
Sham on u goof randians , y u blame Pakistan for every thing freedom fighters have done this
Anna hazare only wakes up from his sleep when he wants criticize others like congress, arvind, etc buts goes to sleep when it comes to bjp. He is the a drama king without a crown.....
This is not public videos mc that is ur videos
Sonu Nigam said nothing wrong, if you want to selectively listen & outrage, that just points to your opportunism and hidden agenda.
Showing mutilated bodies of soldiers is just disgraceful. Why would you even ask that?
Dont copy paste buddy laws we knew it very well if u have guts do it staight way. Jo go and drink cow urine and enjoy dont think to much .bloody black indian
Good thing coming for the free loader loafers and usurpers.Of course the secular press will exaggerate it to the sky.
This is reason why .... India still far behind other countries .... Everybody want own benefits .... Selfish world ...
She is cumin .... im talking abt the bike u pervert
'Looteras' won't do good for people.
When people like you speak about economics it makes me laugh
Ohh really what about non tribals being treated as dogs in notheast especially bhiaries etc
Do Modi and his Government care for  85% average people of India who voted them in 2014??? NO  #DemonetizationCashless #Conspiracy in India to create upper caste Brahmins & Jain Shah Financial lobby in India to rule   PM of India Modi and Finance Minister Arun Jately are Employed as Promoters of IT Giants Microsoft, Apple, Google, Jio Ambani in India and Jewish masters Rothschild Family  Here is a quote from Meyer Rothschild, of the Jewish banking cartel known as the Rothschilds: “Give me control over a nations currency, and I care not who makes its laws” – Baron M.A. Rothschild  #MasterCard credit card Worldwide was a cooperative owned by the more than 25,000 financial institutions that issue its branded cards. #Visa Credit Card Visa Inc. (/ˈviːzə/ or /ˈviːsə/) (also known as Visa, stylized as VISA) is an American multinational financial services corporation headquartered in Foster City, California, United States.It facilitates electronic funds transfers throughout the world, most commonly through Visa-branded credit cards and debit cards.  Nilson Report, a publication that tracks the credit card industry, found that Visa’s global network (known as VisaNet) processed 100 billion transactions with a total volume of US$6.8 trillion.
He (Hazare) dashed indians hope. Where is Lokpal bill for which u did so much drama ??
That's what happens when Aryens in our country largely illiterates are ruling Literare n knowledgable Dravidians .  EC should not allow anyone below a graduate ( certainly not North Indian UP type of graduates) to vote in elections .
Useless
http://indianexpress.com/article/india/fatwa-issued-against-reality-singing-star-nahid-afrin-by-42-clerics-4569825/    Dear Indian Express, I feel sorry to write that your journalists are out there to misinterpret events and present them in a distorted manner just to make some sensational headlines. The news about upcoming singer Nahid Afreen has been prepared without proper research and investigation. It was very sad to see that your journalists don't even know the difference between fatwa and appeal.  A fatwa is a non-binding legal opinion issued only by a qualified jurist (Mufti) on a request by someone who is unable to understand religious guidelines whereas the leaflet that is being circulated and presented as Fatwa is just a hard copy of an appeal signed by 46 men who believe in religious practices. The merit of appeal can be discussed on many grounds and in many dimensions but first and foremost, an appeal can not be called a legal opinion (Fatwa).  We expect apology from your side for such a mistake.
He is duffer
Wrong choice for Bheem
he is non sense stupid fellow just want to fool my Muslim brethren and rule over them
Dear Lady my advice to you is Don't worry about such things because a average survival rate of penny politicians is less than 5 years.And you are going to be there for 30 years.
They have no knowledge of  our history and the sacrifices  of our leaders. There was no cow included. People critising   our leaders were not even born , .just trying to protect their hooligans. It is a shame to justifice the continued lawlessness.
This is insane. We need re-election
Sonu is a jobless singer now...So his desperation come out to this comment...His sleep either day or night is not normally .....Now he is a road singer ....
Rohit Sharma for super fools like uu beauty is definitely a parameter for respect.. Poor you!!
Kejriwal was already known for his rti activism and anna just used him as a ploy to portray himself as the next gandhi whereas in truth he only wanted to break as many congress votes as he could to let bjp win! Now the old hypocrite is nowhere to be seen, no lokpal yet he has time to comment on the only honest party in the country! Sahi khel gya buddha!
Indians are basically hypocrites. It is a sex starved nation but is unwilling to discuss it openly. Bollywood films show the leading pair singing & running around trees fully clothed & in the next shot the actress is shown as pregnant. What can we expect from people with double standards who think of sex all the time but try to sweep it under the carpet when it comes to issues like sex education!
I am from kashmir,we have a mandir nearby my maternal home the priests there play bhajans from 5am in the morning on loudspeakers,none among us have ever intervened or complained. And this practice is happening there since centuries.instead of hatered and animosity all those non-muslims live here in peace with us,safe and happy they are.there kids and us we have grown up together and never talked about our faiths...stop dividing people for personal gains.
Shree Anna hazare is a sence less  person & very opportunist . he is very  very bewakuf because  now he is criticising mr A . Kejriwal
Shame
All this data given by congress is useless we have to take stern action against these millitants
We as public should teach the lesson to such politics and politician. It's shameful.
Have a look at the people who have  reacted at this post .(grin emoji) All are bloody muslims only
well now brain dead bhakts want small traders, farmers, waiters, daily wages workers to open bank accounts and deposit their daily salaries and small turnover in their bank accounts.
These stupid gau rakshaks need a kick where it hurts. Keep Kerala sane and free from such uncouth people who have infested Hinduism with their hate.
Salute to this father.. He is setting an example. Now we can proudly say terrorism has no religion.. Why the sikulars and naxalites quiet now who came in heavy support for afzal guru and yakub menon.
arun  kumar idiot  .......you  don't  worry  kerala
This is nothing to do with Islam or Azaan. Don't blare loudspeakers for any purpose
Not actually they r suffered we small businessman also in dis list no industry no infrastructure
Well done Congress!! Yeddy still uses Reddy money to win,some idiots never learn.
Azaan are the most beautiful words that should be listened and respected by every one if not interested at least dont say any thing against it that will hurt the sentiments of muslims......... Log hindu muslim bane ke chakar me shayaad inshan bana bhul gaye h har Religion ki izzat karna sikho....... Sonu Nigam is a very bad person....... I hate you so much
you used your power as CM for 15 years and looted bihar, and now your son is looting. mr prasad everybody knows what you had done for bihar, so please shut your dirty mouth and sit at home.
E India is a fake, Fragile and unatural union build by British to control the poor masses. it has become a monster for minorities and neighbors, almost 40% of Indian Land is direct under Indian Army control who commit grave human right abuses under notorious AFSPA , Kashmiris hate India for brutal illegal occupation of their land but shameless India so called upper Class Hindu elite doesnt want to Free Kashmir for their political gaines, India is the only country which is being run by Extremists apart from Israel.
Vote out Shivsena in the elections soon to be in Maharashtra
Hey Modi stooge you cannot handle the orderly crisis what will you handle terrorists ???
It's better to keep quiet if dogs are Barking for no reason
He is BJP agent
I never liked her and now I know why!  :/
Cheater
Politicians made india worst plce to live.all those illetrate and old retard fucks need to be kicked out of the higher politics
Wrong decision. Shem  Shem
Firest n biggest terrorist in free india waz goddse .y some try to build mandir in hi name.
Greedy b*tch
Bittu Sharma yes marrying still people converting to islam see ram could n't know who kidnapped his wife until hanuman told, see siva could not bring head of ganesh could not know until parvati told , sri krishna having 16800wives ,brhama marry own daughter gifted by son
Hazare is a hazard and fuss creator
fake data to cut rates and loot money..why the fuk home loan rates are not going down..only banks are looting and no action on defaulters..madrchs fku
Anna ji agent of BJP.
You are mentally  ill i will give a shock  so that your brain will work properly
Had she been married to a service man, she wouldn't have given such a stupid statement. As they say, early marriage doesn't give you working brains.
It went against my will. Nathan coulter Nile. I will smash your head.
And there will be no outrage about it.. it's freedom of throwing stones it's their fundamental rights.
bitter truth...must accept it.
Asma rani is an ISI agent ... she girl is repeating same comment everywhere ... I hv seen this lady commenting the same thing more than 4 posts related to our soldiers... n along with this lady there r some more ISI agents working on the same issue ...
So what big deal. Chara chor Lalu Yadav convicted by court out on bail by Supreme court,bhadwa journos of RNDTV are ready to give blow job to him any time in the name of so called secularism
Honourable President Sahebji Sri.Pranab Mukherjee, as long  the present political outfits like Congress  and its allies  like CPIM CPI and all other petty  local political  parties exist with their selfish motto;,  We as  Indians cannot expect India to become global power. First of all we need country's unity unequivocal  in all respects and steps one takes irrespective  of their's political affiliation.
Dear Indian Express, I feel sorry to write that your journalists are out there to misinterpret events and present them in a distorted manner just to make some sensational headlines. The news about upcoming singer Nahid Afreen has been prepared without proper research and investigation. It was very sad to see that your journalists don't even know the difference between fatwa and appeal.  A fatwa is a non-binding legal opinion issued only by a qualified jurist (Mufti) on a request by someone who is unable to understand religious guidelines whereas the leaflet that is being circulated and presented as Fatwa is just a hard copy of an appeal signed by 46 men who believe in religious practices. The merit of appeal can be discussed on many grounds and in many dimensions but first and foremost, an appeal can not be called a legal opinion (Fatwa).  We expect apology from your side for such a mistake. http://indianexpress.com/article/india/fatwa-issued-against-reality-singing-star-nahid-afrin-by-42-clerics-4569825/
It shudnt..after all jingoism is worshiped here n u guys promote it.
Indian Express :""And they didn't let Pakistan hang Kulbhushan""...:p
Democracy died
I have a pulling cart(thella gari)express for this Idiot to throw him in a dumping zone....
Ban Life time
One bogus is complaining against the other because of jealousy...
Just unlike the page then.... Bloody Ni***r
Trump is a crass politician. He is nothing like modi.
Such type of idiots have no any qualifications. These type of leaders are shame on indian political system.Ours is a biggest democracy but its a fractured and faulty constitution in todays time.It need Lots of changes.The foul mouth leaders should be punished by voters but our voter think they are very big .its their mistake...just think these dirty pigs are enemies of society and should be thrown out in to gutter which the right place for such stupid leader.
A grass root visionary. Tight slap to all the intellectual illiterates from ivy league univs.
Nonsense it will better check on Google rather wasting time and kb.
Mental status of equating some sings played in navarathri once in a year to everyday loud speaker calling for Azan five times a day is simple a mental bancrupcy of so called liberals they would anything and everything to defend illogical practices but will question every practice about Hinduism , that is why I call them so called liberals they are only liberals for some section not for majority
Well again politics wins in india ...such a shame...bad days begins....begning of the end....not sure..
Earlier also he threatened in the same manner,put this chap behind the bars.
In India, one can utter anything against Islam and Muslims or criticise them for his/her revival....... Cuz he/she knows that modi-fied political stunt separating hindu Muslims. And this will proved to be helpful for re-gain.
U r obsessed with bjp !
True
BJP n RSS r trying to invade privacy of Indian's not NDTV get ur data right
Where are our surface Missiles...? Test one of those now
Disappointing that many countries not abiding by FDA commitments: Commerce Minister
Send him to mental hospital  he is MAD
follow the religion inside your home not in the public place.
you terrosit coem from Arab do not have rightt os peka on India ok.
After every incident such type of debate we watch on our TV screens and people in panel Labi Labi phakte he and then after few days they again start praising for their revenue
When tht bloody di****s nation would release him. I il pray fr u. Come back soon bro.....
Latha Venkateshan was in some cases of lobbying and passing on insider information, right?
FOOL,lady killer how dare you talk about the Congress Party like this you fool
Like Modi dumped his wife in 21st century.
His carrier is almost over just need cheap publicity how better than using religion  right now the way things are going
I just hate her. 😑
Mr Hazare, you are a disgrace and a turncoat!
Stupid move. What's wrong with BJP. Hits the axe in its own feet?   Or is the news paper deliberately misreporting?
RSS is expert in spreading hateful rumors. Beware of it. NDTV is only trustworthy channel. Its reporting is unbiased and impartial. Subhash Chandra is BJP leader.
In budjet why not mentioned of mp minister VIPs rxpan
Its an alarm to crores of people. And it will last only 2 minutes and no harm. Its not hurt like Sonu Nigam's and many new generation singers songs with horrible and terrible music in public places.
Gundaraj of Owaisi in Hyderabad.  Gau rakshaks are kid in front of your islamic organizations like Isis, al Qaeda, lashkare
Vaah bc What a logic! 😑
The ban has been there since 2011. #paidmedia like IE are looking in tat direction only after Trump. Kuwait merely extended the bAn. Now the 'liberals' are in a bind. They are silent like the dog in the Sherlock Holmes story 😉😂
Ather Rasheed Khan who you joker?
1.Apurv Anand and there will be guys like you sitting on the fence , sermonising people on both side of the fence? ha ha ha 2.on his show, he gives choices which are intended to insult  anyone chosen or left out. kangana was different. she told the truth right on his gay face.
What's so controversial about his statement ?? It's just a simple statement on the high disturbance that loudspeakers cause !   Loudspeakers should b banned for ALL communities !!!  Pseudos r creating a din without substance !
Anti national indian express..........Stop this crap
Yes right. Someone with mosques too close in proximity might face problems. Loudspeakers are definitely a nuisance.
Dear Idiot Express, instead of only quoting some news agency, do ur own research if u care abt the facts or real journalism. All these countries been banned since a very long time. It dint happen just this week. You ppl hv started posting this bcz of Trump taken certain decisions.
Parth jindal looks like chip of an old block. Watching him reminded me of young sajjanji way back in 80 s
Anna hazare is a third grade Sanghi ...the anti corruption.. Lokpal ..was mare a drama. He is RSS man...and like other RSS MAN..he does nautanki..
All intellectuals are gone iN pot holes after MCD elections IN DELHI...  IF if If BJP LOSESS then EVERYONE MORE happy to do POSTMORTEM . Now SILENTTTTTTTTT.,,🐣🐣🐣🐣🐣🐣🐣🐣🐣🐣🐣🐣🐣🐣🐣🐣
Gud luck sir...the so called 'Elite' who reaped the benefits of the corrupt establishment will try everything to make it worse n present it in negative light...bravo sir...its was only possible by a strong leader lik to take this drastic step..... from being sceptic, I hav over a period of time become a proud 'Bhakt'...yes u read it rt u hypocrites...I m a 'Bhakt'...
Dude before copy pasting shit about IITs go read some of the articles written by actual iitians to know about the things going on in here. Major share of this 'tax payers' money is used for research purposes, not for feeding BTech students. Try getting at least an internship in any IIT to know about IITs, then maybe you'll understand better about these. These are just assumptions of someone which you assumed to be true and decided to post coz you know many have the same assumption. So drag your sorry ass out of FB and do some​ research before bitching about something. Peace out ✌
Anna Hazare had taken right decision not to join AAP under the leadership of Kejriwal who is a liar and joker in indian politics.
Bengal - population of Muslims is 27%  Population of muslim criminals is 47%  Hindu women are raped intentionally... musalman gene is demonic and they believe in humiliating Hindus with such crimes...  Musalmans should be separated from Hindus!  http://www.thehindu.com/news/cities/kolkata/bengal-ranks-third-in-crimes-against-women/article6173154.ece
How general public come to know that which brand is good n which  1 is not.  Dose modi ji us going to give any kind of special class to common people.
Earlier a british minister, now us congressman. All of them are saying Pakistan is a terrorist sponsored country. But we already know that. So, no more discussions. Now is the time to show our military power to those porkistani butchers. Last night only three watchtowers leveled. I wish there would be more..
True
Naveed shahid, such victories are to be seen as a lesson for Pakistan to stop roguery and twisting the truth... we are not gleeful, we are sombre in our victory and just wish to bring our innocent countryman back unharmed..
Pakistan's mathematics is very poor because of countless militants and terrorists it is comprising. So many times they don't know exact numbers of soldiers killed by Indian army. Nonetheless one should not forget Pakistan is a terrorist country where the death day is more memorable than birth day. Hell on the earth with no life meaning
No, you should go to HELL
As to sing vande Matram hurts your people.  Your actions can also hurt others
This policy of Congress is responsible for present situation in Kashmir.
Shivam , learn some english before u comment on social media.
Azam Khan shud refer to the Congress to which dogs were they referring to! Modiji just passed a repartee to khadge's comments ! Azam Khan, as usual, adding fuel to the fire! He & his breed will not let peace prevail between the two communities!
2 time national best actor and three time special jury award. You know what is the prob:these Bollywood fans are jealous of malayali perfection which they won't achieve in the near future
Dhongi no-1
By watching the video from marine drive yesterday I feel really shame on our police
Bjp is gunda party
I condemned such acts..by Pakistanis..shame on u..beheading..martyrs..it is inhuman act..govt should take severe steps...against this..enough is enough...!!!
You are yourself terrorist number one...you killed many in Gujarat... Lol
Truly an uncivilized person in the eye of society.It is a punishable offence. Nobody should stand by his side.
Mental illness  D.T
free kashmir otherwise big surgical strike will b done by pak
Who is this Soni Chamcha of Sonia shut up your dirty mouth
Muslim - a single word that can shock and terrorise whole the world
""The police, however, said they would act if they received a complaint. ""The matter is not in our knowledge yet. If we receive a complaint, we will investigate the matter and act swiftly,"" said Meerut's SP (city) Om Prakash."" - Someone needs to get a FIR filed!
Blatant lies told to the nation for last 65 years. No more.  Today black & corrupted money is coming to the mkt & sensex & nifty rise reflects growth of the nation. Pls note that the intellectuals with suit,tie & boot  discussing problems of poor & middle class cannot give solutions to the govt bcoz they won't understand them
does this man eats and shits widout politics??I doubt :p
R##* spotted
Everthing happens for gud , swami is true in all sense ,and wht ever congress had done in last 10 yrs has adversly effected india ,as its clear congress was selling india, luking to other procpective rajan is nt lucky for india might new governor brings gud luck and gud fortune for india , god bless india
Cows getting ambulances. What's wrong with UP. Well that's what these illiterates voted for...
Our country depends on three types of people namely corrupt politicians, film actor & crimnals. Then who can care about it
Sir, some terrorist mulla's r nt feeling good bcoz thr funding hv stopped.
Who cares this sthupid.
Who cares, media like Indian Express cares  bloody guy statement ...
Defame of National Flower by this loser
Burkahman,,,,,Shame,,,Proud of AAP with Original Degree,,,,,Shame on 56cm Fake Degree.
Well.. The CM can be goon... But this joker is really a tampon...
Neither khujliwal nor this Anna is worth of anything..both are hypocrites
I hate you Sonu Nigam. You have showed your true colours to people.
See if you people need publicity come up in different ways... If you don't get chance in Bollywood films to sing do some extraordinary work and do publicity... Don't touch religious matter... We Hindu and Muslim, Sikkh , Christian have unity in India... We respect each other... Then why you pork in your nose in nonsense talks... If you still feel intolerance please leave my India asap.
This basted whenever open his mouth....It's seems a mad dog is barking ...Kaise kaise log politician ban jate h.....Bhaag saala
Far too many innocent lives have been lost in a system that is mired in corruption. Are we so arrogant now as to trivialise a child's life ? How come there has been no investigation into where the system has broken down ??
Worst thing ...u are totally out of mind,if we Muslims ever told u to turn off loudspeaker ...u don't deserve to b a part of society,u have no right to talk about any religion as u urself doesn't know what its reaction is,itz like divide and rule..
Inside job of indian Army... Pak Armed Forces didn't cross the border ... Shame full act by indian army ....
He should be behind the bars . Lock him up and hit 50 times with same chappal .
Lunatic
Cow is more valuabe in india,women are more take care of herself,govt says who killed cow will hanged but for rape,murder and other crimes are going to face trial and you can get your normal liife in two days..... what kind of people are you making cow more valuable than man life...
This is true colors of bjp to divide in the name of religion and rule the country what British has done
For u my middle finger  noise pollution
But @Ajay Thomas we have many Hindus who believe fall into the North Indian illiterate category that really believe Hinduism is being attacked !!!   Is there any country where Christians , Hindus, Muslims and any Religion is seen living in such harmony , understanding and peace. ??  Imagine these fools supporting them ? And they want others that they don't like Beef. What a Fraud of the first order ?
But only Cow slaughter is punishable in BJP rule. Wife slaughter, wiife swapping, multiple wives and also ''wife separation""  are permitted here.
Some Pakistanis claim it is fake, some Pakistanis claim it is surgical strike.  But I claim... Pakistanis first be sure what is your father's name.
Anna hazare failed in his drama on kejriwal case. Hazare aim is to remove congress from power and he joined with kejriwal. Kejri is clever and he overcome hazare and defeated bjp and opposing till now. Anna hazare wont speak if bjp involve in money scandal, communal violence, hate speeches etc etc. Anna hazare is a hypocritic poison human being. Hazare never thought kejri will come into politics. Hazare may won in defeating congress but lost on kejri matter. Great actor hazare
INdia, is diverting attention from Kashmir issue, because it's under tremendous pressure from international community
Beware of bjp dirty political tactics they did in goa😂
What's taking so long? Other devices already have Nougat and are having better updates
This is just the tip of the iceberg. ..everyone of the sasi group  is neckdeep with black  money. .raid  everyone ..
Not a big fan of beef...but all these events just wanna make me go and make some smoked beef whatever...and throw it on these people's faces
Court could hang him even in start , then how the world will know the real face of india . How you can tell the world indian govt is sponsoring terrorism in Pakistan.
The press conference was meant to be for.him as a prime minister, not as anti NaMo or anti BJP. Only if indian politicians took their business seriously, would Indians live peacefully and with full freedom. Not.just economicaly but also security wise, congress has sold our nations peace nd freedom. Its disheartening to live in fear 24 by 7.
Christina Dilger Buddy Powers Oh Please, the world took Palestinian land and gave it to israel without making two seperate states. They did this because the israel needed cheap labor. The bible as you put it is a half lie as many books and acts were left out and or Destroyed by those who treanslated and created the bible, if you follow the word as it should be most of the bull in the bible falls away to nothing as it goes against what Jesus tought. You people use the word to control thru fear and Intimidation not the Love and hope and Faith Jesus talked about.
Anna is also a big fraud
It is so pathetic and disgusting to see the  slums on both sides of railway lines from Virar to Churchgate and from Kalyan to VT
You confused sperm.. What do u exactly want then??? Muslims are living peacefully, what's problem in that?? . . Where's deshbhakti here!!????? Pure confused sperm
Don't politicize the issue.  Have some decency and dignity over the death of human.  Be human.  If you want to eat cow and if not available eat PIG you are a piggyboy.
A normal RJ is better comedian than that Kapil... He just got a proper stage and famous
Thanks to Delhi police because they are not students they are anti national only believe in dirty politic and nothing else
Bjp IT cell = ISI agent
Ban the triple talaq, ban the caste reservations .
The jagran didn't go 365 day's. But all the other disturbs. Only good thing is Halalaa - the masti for men.
It is reality of Pakistani but still Indian Muslim r in favour of Pakistani Muslim ....... Y it so.....
Pls don't poke your nose in Kerala issues we know how to solve and rectify the issues. The problem with sanghis in Kerala is that not like other states here if they kill any one the Cpm tallies it. So the sanghis are crying bcs of it.
This is not a war against terrorism, it's a war against its own civilians by taking such spontaneous and vicious steps
Millions of simple , spiritual ,religious & moral persons besides students have been disturbed by your songs but seldom they complained
You have got already by ISIS and Pakis. You are nothing but pigs.Leave our country and go to porkistan.
We never needed Lok Pal. We just needed a party that can build Ram Mandir to cure cancer, child labour, poverty, climate change etc... and much more. :P
Shia is better Islam than Sunni..
Thomas Kuruvilla Baven btw you are a European breed........and we dont consider you as keralite
He is not able to tolerate, bcoz he thought that Bihar and India is his personal property, and he can continue ruling (read looting) both, and he is also angry because the tag of India's number one comedian was also taken from him by Kapil Sharma, so he is really frustrated.
We want India to be a manufacturing hub: Commerce Minister
i think they have not decided - which is worse the song or the bike - let the audience decide
another attempt of the party Aap to catch publicity.. .
This thug need to first listen to CONgress brothel sex worker's statement before reciting Quran from the middle .
He made similar comment on temples as well but its impartiality of The Indian Express it mention only the one that might suits thier agenda or something
Very Sad to See the title! And very proud to have kumar in our country! Same on you #IndianExpress
If she says such stupid stuff on public platforms which is widely quoted, i have a problem. (Deep breaths as I am getting back from work at 8.30pm)
Dear Indian Express, I feel sorry to write that your journalists are out there to misinterpret events and present them in a distorted manner just to make some sensational headlines. The news about upcoming singer Nahid Afreen has been prepared without proper research and investigation. It was very sad to see that your journalists don't even know the difference between fatwa and appeal.  A fatwa is a non-binding legal opinion issued only by a qualified jurist (Mufti) on a request by someone who is unable to understand religious guidelines whereas the leaflet that is being circulated and presented as Fatwa is just a hard copy of an appeal signed by 46 men who believe in religious practices. The merit of appeal can be discussed on many grounds and in many dimensions but first and foremost, an appeal can not be called a legal opinion (Fatwa).  We expect apology from your side for such a mistake. http://indianexpress.com/article/india/fatwa-issued-against-reality-singing-star-nahid-afrin-by-42-clerics-4569825/
Every governmental work or agreement done in the name of President. You are so stupid
Pakistan can't and doesn't produce anything apart from Terrorist and Napunsak Armymen!
Uncalled for by someone called Sonu Nigam!!  He should have gone used to Azaan!  What about other loud speaker issues?  Didn't think he'd make a comment like this??
Money that you can spend to build toilets.....indian people pee on street...
India has terrorist camps in Afghanistan..13 Indians were killed in MOAB attack..what were they doing in ISIS camps...Y is India in Afgnanistan, they don't have enough toilets in India...
Mohamed Sakhir mere dost kerala kounsa country me hai...  Hamara Hindustan me hi na... so nose tho gusahenge nose kya dost jo log hindu ko himsa karega hunme laath and etc... be gusahenge...
What Sonu Nigam told is right. Doing Azaan through loud speaker should be banned as it is disturbing many people. There is no compulsion to do Azaan through loud speaker. (especially when mobile phone and alaram are available even with beggars). When the speaker was introduced for Khuthuba speech in Kerala in 1930s, Sadakathulla Maulavi, the then general secretary of Samastha Kerala Jamuathil Ulema quit his position as the speaker mode is against the Islamic fiqh rules. Disturbing anybody by using even for a second is haram as per Islamic law.  If the religious authorities & government is not acting, the matter should be solved through courts.
fines full Pakistan
you and your total family members are thieves !!you have luted bihar and railway department !
we are & we can deal Pak Army Appropriately but we have to  deal equally with Pak Rakshak Gangs in our soil
Upa and nda same same shame shame bunch of eunuchs...cant prevent attacks nor can attack.what can u politicians do except condemn??
BJP to it's ruin
We support Donald Trump act which is necessary to eliminate religious clericness & safety of Americans. America shouldn't considered only ATM for making money. If immigrants want to live in this country they need to respect US, its people & mix up with their culture & work for betterment of this great country welcoming people from all religions in country but not to spread terror or supporting terrorists for killing innocent people. This is alarming call to Muslim community to come forward to give up religious clericness by protesting agst inhuman acts of terrorists to killing innocent people in name of jihad instead of giving them silent support by keeping silent for their anti humanity acts. They should have to understand that humanity is best religion & help to make this world better place where people of all religions can live in peace without any fear.
Malice Vineet U r neither a SICULAR , nor a student of JNU...Your  argument is invalid ... !!!!
What the hell is happening
Viru you have surpassed the boundaries of ignorance
Here no Muslim friend comments abt atrocities due to triple talaq everybody are blaming police ...
Owaisi the terrorist
Unions only want money for their members but what about work?
Gandhi Killer Ram (Nathu) Temple in India......  Big Shame 4 India........
UP one of most worst state in India doesen  matter who ever rule
RSS dont need to attack anyone for votes.......but people will vote for them , due to the hatred created by the so called sickular Muslim league , cross farming congress and hindu bashing CPM
1 missile Chod Do Sala Pakistan ka kissa hi khatam
sonu  nigam  shame  shame
Morons... they muted the exhaust note with that pathetic music
Don't forget, you are learning anti humanity lesson in your madaresa class
It's true. I live in Netherlands and they have bigger mosques. Never have I heard azan anytime of the day. So why does it happen in India? Why does our government allow such ludicrous things?
I HAVE ALREADY REQUESTED CNBC TO FLASH THE PRICE OF SHARES FROM 1.4.11 AND THEN PRESENT STATUS TO KNOW THE HEALTH OF STOCKS ON YOUR CHANNEL FOR THE BENIFIT OF INVESTORS. THE RELIANCE GROUP HAS LOOTED CRORES OF MONEY WHO HAVE INVESTED EARLIER IN RELIANCE. BUT THIS COMPANY IS ALWAYS SHOWING PROFIT IN THEIR RETURN. WHETHER THE PROFIT IS NOT DUE TO REDUCING THE PRICES OF SHARES AND LOOTED MONEY FROM THE INVESTORS.
RSS is a Only national interest and secularists , other all anti Hindu and anti nation. Instruction coming to CPM  from outside India, and Congress from missionaries , PENARAI VIJAYAN CAN YOU TELL US Y YOUR PART SPLIT 1960.
How r u Pakistani.., cowards. U r nothing in front of Hind n Hindi ki sena. This act shows how sacred u rascals are. U even get scared of the dead body of Hind Jawan.  Now hahaha
Infact Inconvince to common people is bcoz of craiq brains like u Sonu....u people r doing same like Britishers does...
Make it look like Trump hate every muslim. Lol
Thurki diggu has lost his balance of mind long back .Accused RSS for 26/11 questioned batla house deaths n has diehard hatred for Hindu govt .But licks d boots of fake dynasty .
She is a priviledged idiot 😉
What a bold statement to give for this self claimed feminist society...more power to her
Agent of bjp pleas go to hell😃😃😃😃
http://indianexpress.com/article/india/fatwa-issued-against-reality-singing-star-nahid-afrin-by-42-clerics-4569825/   Dear Indian Express, I feel sorry to write that your journalists are out there to misinterpret events and present them in a distorted manner just to make some sensational headlines. The news about upcoming singer Nahid Afreen has been prepared without proper research and investigation. It was very sad to see that your journalists don't even know the difference between fatwa and appeal.  A fatwa is a non-binding legal opinion issued only by a qualified jurist (Mufti) on a request by someone who is unable to understand religious guidelines whereas the leaflet that is being circulated and presented as Fatwa is just a hard copy of an appeal signed by 46 men who believe in religious practices. The merit of appeal can be discussed on many grounds and in many dimensions but first and foremost, an appeal can not be called a legal opinion (Fatwa).  We expect apology from your side for such a mistake.
In Bengal 60% Bihari working in various places.  We are not against Bihari people's. Many religion working in Bengal.  Your state make difference... our state don't make any difference.
take him to border and push him to pakistan territory.
THIS NUTS WILL SLEEP ANY WHERE ........DO NOT DROP YOUR BABY NEWS AND MAKE US BABY SITTER ...THANK YOU
These Bengalis always have soft corner for muslims, see around start from Barkha
any thing happens to indiots they start blaming Pak. why would they cross loc and mutilated? and if they did then how can indiots claim they did surgical strike? and returned safely?
Paid social activist by bjp
Shame on ...more worried to save cows..killing ppl..but not for human
He is pimp of bjp
Indian media is playing a very good role in spreading hatred between the two nations.
Vishnu Tallapragada In Kashmir during the 2014 floods the Army selectively rescued only hindu tourists and left the Muslim locals. The hindu tourists were rescued by Army helicopters.Muslims were left to die.
Shirish Kundan Do you have personal experience of any torture from Yogi.. The answer will be - NO. Have you met Yogi and talked to him at any time .. The answer will be . NO. .. Do you have any proof that he is a goon.. Surely answer will be . NO.. Then you made this statement in a filmy style based on whims and fancy .. Probably to make yourself popular by diverting peoples attention.. But ultimately such gimmicks will not fetch what you are trying to become.. Rather it will be counter productive.. Why to make an irrelevant statement which is totally ""inessential"" for you.. This valuable time and energy you could have invested in something productive.. Sadist approach and it is nothing but inflicting injury to self..   If you make this kind of statement in Gorakhpur, Yogi's constituency, the people there including Muslims will thrash you.. He is 5 times continuously MP from there with margin of vote more than one lakh in his favour..This speaks his stature, you are not even a pigmy  in front of him.. jealousy is fire and if you carry it in your mind it will hurt  your mind only where it is lit..
Yes dear you right but some people want to do some new even they have dont any limit and sonu nigham is those people ..
he is great actor but not match as a bheema
This page is paid by islamist extremists and left wing politicians.
Now paki stray dog barks after failing in kangaroo court....happy to see paki left red faced.....wishing Kulbushan to be safe at pigs hands
Aap kejriwala goons has been doing all dirty and goons worked in Delhi now.
Yes,if the members of Other parties were attacked then BJP Responsible  If the BjP was attacked even the too BJP responsible...  Tremendous ideology And Hats off...to ur Secular thinking...
For Muslim killing non muslim is pride way to go to heaven so why  You are sad.
Ram Navami comes once in a year. Azan 5 times in a day. 365 days voice pollution. Therefore, one must comply with the Supreme Court orders. Religion is a private issue.
Indian Army trying to divert attention from Kashmir unrest... where they stop internet access,social media bane, violation of human rights , killing of innocent Kashmiries on daily basis....thats why every Kashmiri stands against Indian aggression , but remember the struggle of self determination of Kashmirs people will continue until their freedom....
for 60 years you didn't say this.. how come new vision. You just focus on muslims.. we will take care of counrty
Kangana is a victim of the mother who gave her birth. She is the victim of woman that she is. She is the victim of life she has. She is the victim of everything n everybody. Lastly, she will be the victim of her death.
You people are allergic. Try to be mindful of your words. We need not necessarily hurt other's sentiments.
@ Prashant Singh , then go right now and stop the slaughter house at Utter Pradesh which is run by bjp persons,  and then how come india become beef exports in first place,,,,   You funny guy,,,,and un knowledgeable
same dude kunder who stole a film from a small nepali boy :-)
My questions - is the train going to operate under Indian made engines ? Will the train achieve the set speed on those tracks & will be the the train in such condition after a year in service ?? if the answers no to even 1 or 2 of the needs - why to Bragg about such temporary achievements ...till than good luck Indian Railways ...
No share to be more than 5% and no sector more than 12%
HDFC is a worst bank to bank with. Be it credit card/Loan/Accounts- they are just horrendous and big bunch of fake commitments and false people. All the employees are just bloody mo*****, Sorry being judgmental, but have dealt with nearly a thousands of them and all are the same. JUST A BUNCH OF A******S
Lakhs of Hindus support terrorist organization RSS, none bats an eye. 20 people supported terror outfit ISIS, everyone started hatemongering. If you are not shouting against India's biggest terrorist organization, you don't have the right to speak a word against Isis as well.
ISI agent bjp IT cell.... Bhopal n shivraj sarkar
The basic question is ""has Pakistan produces somethin other than terrorism"".
Haaaaaa no mandir exist there in Kashmir you guys have destroyed it all.
UN members r ready to kill terrorist  Wat they will help radical
Ye elephant bhi kha sakti hai, bhysha tho kha li, gadha bhi kha le re
As promised during elections, Modi/Yogi must support her.
He had no self respect, he should have resigned when UPA lost miserably..
Insanely overrated The placements of all branches are miserable compared to CSE and Electrical. & Also the quote follows ""Complete Engineering then decide what to do in Life"".
Prashant Singh shame of u bjp poori
Muslim are much socially economically backward..they really deserve it..n moreover its the matter of state not the centre
Haha fake news as alwez!!! The strike was only called off because d demands were started to being met for enhacing security unlike earlier times when govt gave written assurances bt did not do anything on ground
Abp means All Bjp Paid News to make fools in India
Her in law should be arrested and but behind bar , Islam believe in equality
What Kangana has said is true. She has demolished the established coterie of the few film makers who don't let the new comers without godfathers or agreeing through casting couch ente  r their domains. Karan couldn't bully Raj Thakrey but Kangana . It just like Modi's demolishing of the family's rule in the political field. He is uprooting the well dug family Bhakats like Ayers, Sibals, Khurshids, paid family historians, pliable and paid media and many more.
We need heads of all pakistani armies  and the terrorists active in Kashmir. Bodies of pakistani armies also be mutilated.tit for tat
Dear PM sir 49 CRPF jawan shaheed in month of April only due to lack of intelligence and state government support.😢😢 300k CRPF force without any DG from last 2 months.😤😤 Who will take the responsibility😡😡😡😡😡
Future looks bleak for India as hindutva forces are ruling the country they want to make situation like Syria and Burma to make muslims refugees in there own country for a petty reason how can riots happen and muslims are told to leave village
What this broker talking about?
Remember 1971 kid!!!!bloody impotent army that indulges in macabre beheading like terrorists
Govt and banks are cheat
Denying Rajendra Prasadential Form of Government was a Nehruvian Blunder
Congress was more genius than bjp a stupid communal party which send india on the threshold of hell
Now India will start striking back through Twitter haha. Bring Antony back to the position if you people are incapable, he was not an extremist by nature but surely a man of action not words like you people. 56 inch, 1 surgical strike like the end of pakistan haha only good for publicity.
Very good  nonsense  leader
He is a big bear...n always pessimistic. I remember his interview when nifty @7000 level that time he was saying that don't buy this time there is a room for correction...but I invest n made good return. He may be true 1 out of 10 time so it is good to ignore him. Always pessimistic n give diplomatic opinion. Mr Uddayan be black or be white don't remain grey.
His tweet show his mentality......... His mentality is not less then an uneducated person
It is to be blamed saffron goons only They act as their own despicable law and law enforcers see and keep mum on their atrocities.We are living in a society face changed  from human to versatile self dominated devil.
We don't need Minister's tributes and other things - we want that Indian Government stops empty words shows their spine and take revenge !!!!
""🌝🌝 INDIAN WOMEN ARE SPECIALISTS OF FAMILY DEMONETISATION 🌝🌝 Govt. should learn from them how to implement LessCash Economy with LOVE 🌝🌝🌝""✔
Mla for sale
Imran Bora eat ur parents' meat very tasty
So what they will do, prestitute wont support them, if they kill terrorist prestitute support terrorist. Call our militancy rapist why he serve the nation for because for safety of prestitute office. So called secular media ask proof   of surgical strike
first of all jigar this is not only country of Hindus its a diversified    country having all religions togethers.u have jigar only on ur name but don't have jigar in u to respect the others religions and their sentiments.so be a man learn to respect other religions and people.
If it is true than why media not showing the mutilated bodies it is my ? from INDIA TV. Dont make peoples polish and  dont creat problem for your country INDIA.Because if India showing response of attack than the same  response will be from pakistan side which we seen in normal on borders  of both sides but only local people are affected  not army so try to understand this is because of you (media) whole environment is disturb.
Electronic media sold & mortgaged their Soul  Heart Brain to BJP looks highly financed
Simply he is doing nothing only blaming previous govt and making excuses....  Won't tolerate any more....  They are being so patriotic but don't care for our brave soilders..  RIP Dear Soilders 😢😑
I really feel sorry for Indian Express presstitutes Shirish Kinder, the guy slapped by SRK. Given a chance these bootlickers will make Owasi President & Dawood as Prime Minister of India.
Because there are too many mad dogs from congress who will not listen when he speaks.
Duplicate is always a duplicate.. Betrayer Anna .. Anna fooled the nation ..An agent of BJP.. Where is his satyagraha.. Where is Lokpal...
Gandhi Killer Ram (Nathu) Temple in India......  Big Shame 4 India........
We just killed 7 of your mughal blooded barbarians. It's not even a beginning.
Don't believe of this pig he killed countless muslin in fake incounter he not against kashmiri he against Muslim
🕉BJP or Modi or Amit Shah does not have any #credibility of landslide victory in UP or other BJP ruled states they won the elections on #Cow Politics and  #DivideNrule dirty politics in India since 2014: BJP dominated by RSS and their affiliates are #DIVIDING India on the basis of: Religion, Language, Culture, Wealth(rich n poor), Race Cast n Creed, Food(Veg & Non-Veg) and at last but not least on #Color(Black n White) & Demonetization(Black n White Money)  Ram Jethmalani exposes Modi and Arun Jaitley. https://www.facebook.com/TheNewFekuExpress/videos/1844393635809962/
And don't show me your machoness! India is mine too as much as yours!
All priority on the recent appointments are being given purely to upper caste. Observe. Don't be a blind bhakth
He is same joker who got a tight slap from King Khan for his stupid behaviour and he could not do anything. Again he is proving that he is expert in stupidity and nobody can match him in that. Btw who is Shirish Kunder? Shirish is the guy who got a tight slap from King Khan......and he is husband of Farah Khan.......this is his introduction......and media is giving so much importance to a person like him just to target BJP and Yogi ;-)
Left and right against secularism and supporter of terrorism, Kerala is d best example
Delhi police are thugs. Last year they beat up Army veterans protesting peacefully at Jantar Mantar on the orders of Rajnath Singh.
Keyur Panchal industry also creates crooks like Vijay Malya and Ambanis
Well done !!!! Side with useless traitors , u get it back !
you statement is vague, thus, doesn't make sense in the least. please revise.
David Clark  America has NO National Religion or Language. All EDUCATED Americans know this.
Religion based practices should not come out of mosques, temple, church, gurudwara
Indian paracommandos love beheading.....Just wait and watch.....They already proved earlier....Atleast  50 paki bodies will be burnt down just like in 2011
you are  a wine drinker william ....so we need not listen to baby boys .....first wear your diaper properly ...rest in peace in the bottom of the grave
Shame on dirty and jealous politicians..
Fools on the roll.  May God bless India
5th fail Moulvis suffer from a decease now-a-days to interfere in all matters to prove themselves 5th fail Moulvis. Horrible... !
Hie sonia IDEA FUT long@108 target plz and voda merger
She is very emotional person, doesn't suit her in police uniform.
Quais A jalal.... Ur surname should be changed to jaahil By the way someone said it correct...  Ur name explains ur comment very well :p
Actually this ##islamic religion responsible for such a mess up scenario around the world.
No we stand by Israel. Arabs were allied with Hitler
Saradindu Jena shame on bhakts like u 😂😂
Police is their tool to silence us. Police is not for US, police is for them. I dont understand which is more dangerous, this man who is openly threatening or people who are writing sick comments on TOI page for this story.
Who the hell is government to decide what to eat and what not.
Navratri or any other ocaasions appear to be 6 to 10 times a YEAR. I think thats a little lesser than the 5 times a day thing....
Screw both of them trollops
I think problem is not loudspeaker, but 'loudspeakers'. Even when one will suffice in an area, due to many mosques near to each other, they all start Azan. Second thing is Nowadays the problem is that, not everyone sings azan, as it should be. So it sounds very irritating. Most of the Indian maulanas don't know how to sing a perfect azan. Otherwise it sounds very soothing. Like this: 👇  https://youtu.be/LGX6wX2GhcU
He said fair enough👍🏼
this is the worst live cast of any product I have ever seen
Binny shud not be in the playing 11 .
http://indianexpress.com/.../fatwa-issued-against.../  Dear Indian Express, I feel sorry to write that your journalists are out there to misinterpret events and present them in a distorted manner just to make some sensational headlines. The news about upcoming singer Nahid Afreen has been prepared without proper research and investigation. It was very sad to see that your journalists don't even know the difference between fatwa and appeal.  A fatwa is a non-binding legal opinion issued only by a qualified jurist (Mufti) on a request by someone who is unable to understand religious guidelines whereas the leaflet that is being circulated and presented as Fatwa is just a hard copy of an appeal signed by 46 men who believe in religious practices. The merit of appeal can be discussed on many grounds and in many dimensions but first and foremost, an appeal can not be called a legal opinion (Fatwa).  We expect apology from your side for such a mistake
Ask those dogs to keep quite ...who are disturbing modhiji to speak
These journalist get money to ask more n more questions
It's india army who mutilated own soldiers only to play victim card and create justification to Mutilate bodies of Pakistan Soldiers ...... Shame India
He is jobless and need limelight  And I didn't understand why people calling him sir with a cheap mentality...
He is soo cheap
Every religion should stop using loudspeakers
What   a shame for us.Even the  doctors  can see a patient is poor but still they dont even bother to do the treatment . Shame on their actions and their education is useless if they can not treat the poor person with love and care without money.Lots of disparity between rich and poor in our country.People forget that every one will die one day so just think about your actions and karma.
Arrangement is made through administrative process.. not by personal choice of doctor u fool👆🏻 @tomar.
your job is to kills innocent kashmiris
Boring as helll....i can sit thru a lecture in collg, but THIS!
she jobless singer .
Did Akshay Kumar really slapped  him in Jolly LLB 2  ? If he was indeed slapped, Annu Kapoor richly deserved it. Anyway , happy birthday.
Instead of being a successful woman professionally, be a successful mother, wife, daughter.
Where is that illegitimate kid of john dayal Mizz Gurmeher who till date don't know whether her father died in Kargil or in encounter with terrorist to meet these people and convince???
Cow ban - no forced religiousness  An old man beaten to deat on doubtful grounds by cow vigilants - no forced religiousness. Day and might concerts with loud speakers : no forced religiousness. Use of loud speakers on navratre/ganesh chathurthi/holi/ jagran : no forced religiousness. 1 min azan : forced religiousness  We muslims can give up cow meat for our hindu friends!! No big deal, but such horrendous statements by hindu celebrities are disgrace to secular status***
start eating and feeding indian.  All of you Indian came to US, England and feed others country poor while you abuse your own.  Its a shame how proudly you brag that we have good live in India, Pakistan etc, where we have servants,  Really servants are not humans?  Yes you all need to stop the scam of making young people of India Pakistan, Kashmir fight so you can serve the western powers and get favors.  Corrupt, Indian go get caught but they have unlimited money from the working Indian to give charity in the western country. Only you can stop this scam but not letting these politicians convince you from killing each other so they can make money. Its all about your money. You all have no idea how hard you work compare to the rest of the world.
He s doing all these drama , because he s out of business and he wants a ticket from bjp ..that's why
GARBAGE, Its so perfect that it never worked anywhere in the World. It gave too much power to the leaders and removed all power from the people, in theory it should have worked the other way round. How amazing that this fool made a perfect system for ants and bees to follow mindlessly. He just forgot humans have desires and you can not just climb the ladder of politics and become a dictator, there are artists, comedians, businessmen and numerous other ways people want to grow. Its a great idea that everyone live in one giant apartment but where is the economics to build it? Everyone work who buys the goods?
Great work , people who don't support Modi are JOKERS and cartoons like Rahul G and Arvind K
And also paid by congress
Anna Hazare is the biggest agent of BJP.
And u r not beautiful at all
Murder of democracy.
You're dumb lmao
She got married even before college. She doesn't know what does work involve and what does it mean barring how one feels when working. So
Egoistic words!!! Over confident!!!
These sick minded people are just attention seekers, don't give such importance to these psychopaths. This kind of illness can't be cured. Just leave them as it is.
India and media was wrong to trust you
I hate sickulers
You dnt wry abt us we knw whom to accept as hero i.e.jadhav nd zero i.e.porkistan...nd if uh ppl hav brain use it which spy bring hiz real passport nd identity card  carry with himself???poor nd uneducated fellow u all are..
Common guys there is a difference in between loudspeaker on Navaratri which is once a year , and that azaan loudspeaker daily that is also at 5 o clock so irritating
Ask him if he misses his mothet
What an foolish women...
hope it doesn't becomes dominos bike... such a lousy launch
only state they are in mojority is j&k and look what happened to hindus there . . . Islam is a religion of the devil masked as GOD . you can never expect good and nice things from muslim countries in the first place
No way hindus can hate patriots like you Sir
should i laugh or cry for this stupid demand.
Don't go for debate with this stupid people they will never accept Islamic activities by heart,debate wth this people is like debating  wth donkey
BETTER YOU MUST GO AND HAVE DIALOGUE WITH PAPU  AND YOU MIGHT GET SOME GOOD IDEA
This old man is useless.
All the khans feel murdered......money printer or hoarder of black money.....
May be true....BJP needs such morons in their party
Allie of  pakistan in india :P i wonder wat this modi gonna ask from him or wat the heck he want from india During world war 1 indian army faced turkish army and chased them out of middle east
It's not a cultural festival...CPI (M) people held the beef fest in protest...the point is since when did people in Kerala start talking in such communal terms ....the BJP is trying very hard to get a foothold in Kerala and what better instrument than inciting communal violence in the name of cow and beef as they are doing in north India
Hahaha... They are not being given full powers in Kashmir. Kashmiri youth kill them & they don't have orders to shoot not even to save their lives.
Now it's time for hit the bastards hard,  no time for "" kadi ninda "" but time for action...the barbaric action shows , it's not a human work but of animals. And when pigs r gone mad , they r not treated they r shot dead. Our great army men got martyrdom ,take the revenge kill the bastards hard on their land and hard n very hard.
Marketing guy needs a brain washing ...what is he positioning
Haha peace from pakistan wow . come on Fatima Farooque don't waste ur time here it's just a normal view of a Singer and In india u have freedom of speaking whatever views v have,  anyways how is kasab is he in jannat with 72 virgins.do u have any views on isis or triple talaque , even that is part of Islam right. Hope u don't face triple talaq in ur life will pray to Allah for ur safe marriage.
Should Companies behave like runway robbers to make money.Their actions clearly show that the move by this insensitive govt. to demonetize notes of higher value was made to promote their business at the expense of over a billion people.Will they take responsibility for so many people who died standing in long queues.A woman at Kanpur had to deliver baby in bank premises .Shame on PM Modi and his bhakts for sacrificing humanity at the altar of these multinationals.
All the johars and likewise are nothing but chamchas and asslickers of big stars. Too many sycophants and ego blowers. . .
Sonia I am asking from last five days on rel.cap please reply
Next slap to sm Krishna..... Saya time nalli aase
Bloody idiot BJP does not need to target you or Kejri you guys target yourself
Hindus in UAE n Saudi arabia....they cant complain miss.  U dont know those r islamic nation ..u cant propogate ur religion.     Its not bcoz they r used to it. Its bcoz they just cant ...they will have to leave that country.. Sonu nigam has mentioned that therr is problem only wth azaan...no..every religion which uses so much noise in the name of religion is wrong..
I like the comments. .  I am what  I am   I don't aspire  for any authentication  of my practice  of morality which  I kept in sactum  sanctorum. .  Away  from these   I never  identify my self  with any political  party. . It's your view  that I am bakth  blind so on.....  I comment.. and continue  on such  posts  where  it's  needed. . So called  freedom  of speech  ..by presstitues  jargon 😊😊😊
It is the legacy that SP and BSP have left  after years of rule.Their arrogance and treachery will not be forgotten easily
What is plain and simple is: people of Goa rejected you and you imposed yourself on them by buying/luring a few turncoats who also betrayed people who voted for them for their standing against the ruling party. That is unethical by any yardstick!
Macchi u people only be licking Congress shoes. B, cos for vote bank they licking us, if ur terrorists also.
Kejriwal is a fraud
Your problem is your religion.., he may be a noble laureate..  Here the question is hard work.  How hard did he work to show the might or the valour of India to the rest of the world like our PM.  His daughter is in films who is ready to act even nude..  So the second thing is our culture and values.  Considering your religion this may be insignificant to you.  But that is another curse on  India.. We have to bear it...
No law.and order only army court give judgement .Support by GRP of terrorists
That rape comment is a bloody lie and if I were with BJP I would have bloody sued off these biased presstitutes for whatever they are worth. All yogi takes about is retaliation if something happens to his people and I don't anything is wrong with it. If you go by stats from UP which were released by secular govt of UP it shows that eastern UP and especially Gorakhpur is far more a peaceful place than western UP and its because of Yogi. Also check the reputation of Gorakhpur before Yogi Adityanath became the MP.
You Congress people our hearts are burning when we compare the present level with that of lokmamya tilak, dadabhai now rojee,malavya, jawaharlal nehru, jatipitha  gandhi. I appeal to you to bring back the dignity of those stalwarts.
People need intellectual brain to understand what Mr Modi is doing... people abusing him are Bewkoof
What is wrong in it. He is corrupted person
At least those North Indian fanatics really don't eat Beef n have a right (vocal ) to object but Malayalee ?  What frauds of the nth kind. ?  Have you heard of any Malayalee who will show revulsion to beef  ? at the most say he doesn't take MEAT which means no meat and not any dislike to Beef. !!
Blade fool
So u r a complete idiot....
That's what happens when you skip your education to marry a rich guy 10 years elder to you. Being a homemaker is your obvious choice but what about independent working mothers & single mothers?  Make your own choices but don't run down and belittle women who don't have your luxuries.  And I'm sorry but what makes you think that it's okay to spend just an hour with a puppy? Like how can one even compare. She's ridiculous.Aishwarya Joshi Sreoshi Bagchi
Buddy  vikram we have lot of international friends dont worry about pak. Do some thing to  clean india 60% without toilet nation fuc...k
MLAs come dime a dozen. Its a shame that this creature could not respect a woman or a police officer or a human being. Maybe if a stray cow was on the road he might have acted more respectfully.
Oh Pak army or should say porki hijada army whose country didn't excepted the bodies of their dickless coward army during kargil war,army which submitted infront of Indian army in 1971 and east Pakistan became Bangladesh...And hijada army couldn't even save school childrens from merciless killings and Indian forces really  reached Lahore in 1965..
I DISAGREE WITH HIM !NO ONE HAD PROBLEM WITH AZAAN EXCEPT THIS FELLOW..
*PURE DESH ME AFRA TAFRI KA MAHOOL HAI...INDIA KI 98% JANTA GARIB HAI..YE MAAR ASLI 98% PE MARI HAI MODI JI NE..YE ACHA NHI KIYA BJP NE PURA VYAPARI VARG ROO RAHA HAI KHUN KE AANSU BJP WE SHAME ON YOU*  *B.J.P..*❌❌❌❌❌❌❌ *MODI..*❌❌❌❌❌❌❌  *WE REALY SHAME ON YOU MODI JI..*
No any dialogue only dialogue  baltastan and POK not Kashmir
he said just because he wants attention of indians again no one listening his songs he wants to come back thats why he is targeting muslin religion ..he is above 45 year old did he first time listen prayer call... shame on you... and when this brutality end when muslim is allowed to eat beef in islam who they are to stop them... stop this forcefull acts ... just drink cows urine its your punishment from Allah....
Useless remark
80% of kerala peoples like beef....we dont like anyone to interfere in it!it is the right to eat what we desire....we will unite  against beef ban....it is because of the foolish performance of bjp and alliances in the field that they can't get much hold in kerala
Fantastic ! He said it right ! Loudspeakers create nuisance and disturbance and also Politicians and fundamentalist s misuse it with their fiery announcements ! Ban it for ALL communities except for special occasions with prior permission s !
The killer of Nirbhaya can roam free, but police killing Muslim boys before proving anything, being Muslim as if, is antinational. If the father accepts the boy, the neighbours will lead the family to choose death, mentally and physically. Ministers also rule with criminal charges here. Bitter truth.
Navratri and Ganesh Procession does not happen everyday whereas Azan keep on disturbing every day...must be banned....Do not need to learn secularism from Pseudo-Secularists....
Actually all rohith supporters are in turn yakub supporters as rohith supported yakub😂😂😂
Indian Express is in realty Musalmaan Express.Like NDTV it's grinding it's axe since Trump won same as they houned Modi. Journalists associated with IE & NDTV should black-listed & their relatives if any in US should be kicked out.
great. so mr. feku your acche din shuru ho chuke
Advertising is non issue but the way is. About four decades earlier the government was distributing the product free of cost at petty shop, at travelling points and in the offices of ministry of health. Unfortunately the process of family planing discontinued and given up following the aggression being practiced by Mr. Sanjay Gandhi, son of Indra Gandhi during her rule.
Under Rajnath Police, even his state president is not secure...they talk of EIP bluff masters !!!
These people are throwing stones because they are paid to do so by terrorist country Pakistan.
Instead of being a successful woman professionally, be a successful mother, wife, daughter.
India will not forgive this idiot. An amazing momentum that was built with the anti-corruption wave in 2010 saw the death because of this Man's ego and delusions of grandeur. He's a big loser as far as I am concerned
Why Pakistan behave like coward ??........if they attacked than accept it .....or if did not attack than accept that it's terrorist attackers come from Pakistan
communism bootlicker of china r finished from every part of nation except kerala & tripura soon they will go down 0 in these states also...... from killing human being to animals only these justified their ideology from marx lenin mao che to every naxal in india they have only killing in mind................
Israel is better than Turkey.Turkey is dangerous .A threat to world peace.
Our leaders are just drunken sots and beastly guttons do you agree?
Very bad news channel is ABP Neaws channel Only BJP news channel in this world Very bad news channel is ABP Neaws channel Not interested in indian people
These congress goons have no more agenda, and will interfere in anything and everything, it's about time you stopped barking.
Most irresponsible ex cricketer of world.
Throw that kejriwal out. His arrogant behaviour costed the party alot. they lost their diginity now.
Look at the timing of this BJP & RSS  sponsored man, #ANNAHAZARDOUS just at the brink of MCD Elections...where is his struggle for LOK PAL.. Why no more fasting drama??.#Arvindkejriwal is most hardworking,dedicated and honest politician of our times...His work speaks for him..
Be a human first..stop blaming  others on religion grounds stay in sound proof house
Killing in the name of Durga is the new 72 virgins.
Let them kill each other. Dacoit parties both.
Only pigs can admire the capabilities of piggy army of pigistaan(pakistan)
Are there Hindus and their temples still in Kashmir?  But I am against all loudspeakers in all temples, mosques and churches and all religious institutions.
U r absolutely right a prayer should give positiveness to the life it's so much irritating,anyone making you understand secularism just stay near by the loudspeakers than u know the real pain,everything should be in limits,but y some ppl trying to make this secular or non secular,it applies to all even temples also,but I never heard so much noise level from any temples.
Sir, Communist against nationalism everybody knows it in India.
Stop dictating, there is jungle raj in bjp ruled states, where innocents are killed by terrorists, and those terrorists are with full hope that party in power will come to their rescue..
This is all politica to divert people mind from promises given to them is impossible to fulfill and also bavas cannot fool people if the message is adopted bij People
He is a singer,, but not a wise man ......   Ignore ignore ignore & more ignore him  ...  so if he feeling disturbing then he shift to another place where Azan doesn't reachable......
U always are liar Indians from #Gandhi To Modi U R Always Cheaters
He is crazy man all
It's Chinese year of the cock, so they're all out in full force on social media
HAaaaaaHaaaa Do u think pakistan will follow this decision.:D.:D
UP is having one of the worst health system and infrastructure in the country. Now they r busy in making identity cards and ambulance services for cows. Doctors can't do much without adequate infrastructure. Even for simple ailments many patients are being shunted to Delhi.
Don't compare azaan with Hindu festivals, Hindu festivals are special occasions. Azaan is 5 times a day for 365 days
Immediately clise all RSS/ BJP offices across WB... then throught India
He is fuddu no 1
Bajaj doing a funeral for their bike cos its crap
Unite Muslims against fake Hindu religion
81 seats for BJP HISTORIC performance & 4 others also supporting means BJP emerges with highest seats 85 in BMC... But but modi destroyed india because of Demonetisation 😂😂😂
India Need Strong Defense Minister and Home Minister. Currently both are useless.
If he had been so wrong,how he been winning  elections one after another. He represents all section of society consisting  of all religion  and castes. Being pro India, He is described  Hindu terrorist. Shame on such media.
This ex service man should be penalised very heavily....his pension privileges need to be stopped....such scoundrels will never back off and will teach/share war skills to anti social elements.....this case should be handled by NIA
Azam Khan is nothing but a faithful dog of Akhliesh, why Azam did not raise this question when Khargea made a remark on dog, that time you were sleeping you idiot Azam Khan
Majority should come to any party otherwise it would be difficult for good governance like Bihar  Akhilesh joined hand with Congress means he was not having confidence on his party and compromise on his ideology a d forgot that Congress was not giving weightage to sp after having 40 MP. SP , BSP, RJD, and all small parties grown up against Congress and they are giving birth space to Congress. When Congress will come into the picture means they will be finished but who cares. It's not ideology politics. It's opportunists politics
Now it should be communist mukt Bharat This bloody communist have always used the poor of Kerala and ruled the state Now ppl please open your eyes this bloody communist are of no good My family also always supported the communist But the truth is they have always used poor people for their own purpose
Islam never said in Quran shout on loudspeaker...  Yes every excessive use of loudspeaker should b ban...  U visit malwani in Mumbai n okhla delhi during Friday...  U will hardly find noise in okhla kutba shouting...  But in Mumbai malwani they shout for prayer call every day one after another on masjid speakers n kutba is like as if American r just about drop bomb n molvis giving his last speech before    raging war against America... Why it's so ? in Muslim area they don't use Mike as they use in mix locality...
He shouldn't be sing anymore o think his fed up now looooool
Show the bike .. We literates we will be able to understand ... Don't waste our time
what is the profit margin or service charge for innovative birla  brain solution
What you know about reglious you are comminest  devil's tell me do comminest has any reglious value comminest devil's are babirian
How dumb this woman is 😡 wot a fate of Indians these people r representing in parliament. Who  even don't show sympathy towards human life. 👎
Suvodip is indian PM is best in world lolz this feku modi cant even able to reduce price for fuel even after its been reduced in world market such a idoit is no1 PM lolz
What rubbish u r talking about?Muslim.are peaceful ,the whole worl d is affected by ur peaceful act.as far indian muslims are concern Its all due to some of ur muslims the whole community comes under lens, definitely its wrong but  u can't deny that people are there within ur community who endorse pakistan overwhelming and they know that u can do  in india and get away.Do any pakistani muslim endorse india he or she will has to make his or her aay to the jannat.
Bcz we have worst RM ever
Hate crime is rising in America. It was just a gift from Trump government to Indians who were celebrating birthday of that hatemonger.  My sympathy to the deseased family, though no one else can understand your pain.
Sinkandar for your point of view Taliban is peaceful community?
Porkiestan is ISIS PART ONE created on the land of Sindh n Punjab, After Genocideing 30 lakhs Bangladeshis in 1971, Porkiestan funded the Jehadist elements of Kashmir n Genocided millions of Kashmiri Hindus during the 1991, Now Porkiestani Army is Using Chemical Bomb against Innocent Baluchis People..porkiestan Murdabad
Tears r in our eyes helpless before busdil nikamee govt no one is there wards martyring  salute
I think she didn't have time for interviews between work and a new baby ... this person obviously has time on her hands to throw her world view on everyone 😒
cpi a fallen party and jnu a scandalous institute and kanhaiya the son born out of scandal activities
Respect to aull indians.... Jobless ... Cant sleaap well... I dnt like him
If I remember well, recently the prince was sentenced to jail. Partiality happens more in India when police protect hindu terrorists who have killed innocent Muslims.
Ye To AK47 ka bhi BAAP hey...Sab Se Bada Nautankibaj ...He knows AAP is gonna be NO MORE in couple years ...hence he started shifting gears early..!?😀😜
Indian Express ur thought process is rusted.Instead of focusing on the achievement of the boy u people are concerned about him being a dalit.Achievements do not differentiate between dalit or general.
Sonu Nigam knows what he wanted to communicated in Twitter & it's well planed. But his gain will be limited rather he opened an unhealthy situation for him self.
Lol brother what are you talking  about...Ur comments make no sense
n the name of religion Christian people never kill anyone ,Isis  call Alla before killing people ,can we call them human ,!?absulutely not they r animal
So it was never required when ex  pm IG was the PM. Educated idiot
""DAMINI""  is death from her body only bt  she is living in our heart .she vll never die.she is alive forever in this world.if nw also goverment is nt taking hard and hard step it is very same for us tht we lady is the part of ths society.its means tht in india only 2 ladies r safe?
Look who is talking in same Kerala every week one Hindu is being killed and state Government is doing nothing about it..
& nidhish nair, there are converts into nair fold around here also and you fit into that catagory because all the Nair's in my area are too fond of me and respect me highly and respect the world class religion I have adopted also . Sorry for you there are exemptions always
Anil rhomas fuker y dont u go with thm u loud mouth
Sir , have you totally lost it ? Are you even seeing what nonsense are you tweeting !! Nose pollution is a different thing but stating that some other religion's prayers are forced on you thats sheer madness ..am a hindu n i am also woken up by azan in the morning n to me its really beautifull .. i respect you a lot sir but pls atleast think before you are tweeting something like this ..you should understand n do care about the feelings of other people from a different religion .. my words may be impoliet but yours where harsh
You wanted big fishes, so only drama you can do.
Gaurav k actually Indian Muslims has great obsession for their masters..they got that boot licking habit from their boot licking  ancestors ,who couldn't hold onto their own root..
A filthy racist thug
He is only Dick .
You are known as prestitute for a reason, no?
Pakistan always lies and denies the barbaric acts committed by their army for mobilising international support.
Dear Maya, we are only using loudspeakersduring the time of festivals, it's not our daily practice to disturb others. And if anyone getting disturb due to this, they should keep in thought and mentality that that was only for 10 days not like daily 3 times in a day.
they are all liar they can not accept wht they doing since 1947
hes true i support him Azaan shud be banned so that peace remains in India
During his rule in Bihar, the pilgrims had to bow before his photo and then proceed on their journey, such a great king he was.
Did this RANDTV go to kairana where Hindus were forced to flee. Or they covered news of hanuman jayanti in Bengal where Hindus were beaten up? No. Coz they wanna defame just the government. They are fine with jehadis creating mayhem but if any violence happens anywhere they attribute it to cow related violence.
Prasanta Behera .morons like you still divide India into south and north.. and u want us to follow ur idiotic philosophy and give way to ur leadership.. . You are nothing but a nincompoop masquerading as a Hinduism-minder trying to practice jingoism in a state with full of highbrows!
Ban it please
It wud be the most stupid, idiotic and jerk idea if India agree to sale it's crown so called BrahMos missile..
Don't say sir to this bloody sonu ...instead go and slap him
Bloody idiot senas
Is it daughter will sell mother or fathers or any at online Gomatah Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha bloody RSS
gone mad
PIG CHILD
trump goona clean terotist ,,like Isis ,u think him racist ,
Shame on you shewag actually he don't have any work left with him all the time he is on twitter or fb moron
Hahahhaha, this would be the great change in a chutiya party, one chutiya (stupid) will replace by another big chutiya (big stupid).
Stupid people, u need to leave Pakistan and surrender yourself with Indian Army, so you can live, live in future.
Haters gonna hate...@pseudo seculars....Pseudo seculars are  the most dangerous people now. Days...Indian Express is the most vulnerable to people's unity...It's the most pseudo secular news channel..
One wonders if white Americans can differentiate between BanlaDeshi, Pakistani, Indian Hndu. Any crime is a e terribly  sad matter but to blame government does not seem right. Those Islamists engaged in terrorism are creating misery for innocent Hindus, Muslims and subcontinent origin Christians. Therefore if any thing, one must blame those Islamist indulging in terrorist activity because must eliminate such people.
Subhajit Ghosh need to kill atleast 7000 at one go
Ashish kr I have talked of cyber crime and not of criminal taking money physically after withdrawing from the bank. Don't negate an idea by foolish example even without understanding an issue.
Did any Muslim of our country say anything about this,if yes then I will be really happy for that
This ""President"" of the INC should be thrown out first for his profane and nonsensical utterances in the course of the poll campaign. He tried to match Pappoo sentence for sentence in absurdity... and the result is there for all to see !!
PLZ speak to rajdeep sardesai to offer public apology. Shame to journalism and paid media. Om
Jatle totly  failer  minister  in india
Jio very slow network ... Survey is wrong
we hindus care innocent animals unlike xtians and peacefools , thats why im proud hindu
What will a chaddi like you do in AAP?
A whole lot of hot air which says nothing, but simply aimed at getting him eyeballs coverage. Don't forget he was stupid enough to join AAP !!
Yes, we accept gift from masters but we can't accept charity from slaves....
anna is aanother middleman of bjp......he always speaks against kejriwal but never against wrong doing against bjp
Stop barking
Very low audio. Please improve it.
When some dumb Hindhu people will know the worst theory of politics of Bjp and Rss
Crap Sonu..😡😡😡😡😡
#BJP leaders won't respect other leaders...if they say abt them ,they vl bark saying #Anti-nationalist...
Indian media behave like prostitutes
real picture of so called secular  india, muslims r not allowed to practice their religion,  jinnah was right about two nation theory
We need to erase Pakistan from the global map geographicaly
Viru this is like cricket u missed the line of the ball & it bowled u.so before cmnt pl try to understand the remark in wider perspective , almost everybody wants peace not war & it should b avoided unless situation demands otherwise. Here u proved less maturity than 20 yr's old.
Lol.. chillax dudes.. we are mallus more than bigoted religious fanatics like u guys.. we eat pork, cow, buffalos, camels and even fish with pride!! Now you can find some non mallus to spread ur ignorance and stupidity!! Savvy? And stay out of our royal state!
This only for kids like you. Plz go and watch with lollypop in ur mouth.
Never  ever  I have  been disrespectful  For your comments ..  It's your liking  your principles  .. you may  right. .  But doesn't  make  me otherwise
When all the world moves on with a new thrust we idiots are still discussing on others food. Idiots barking out here, if anyone comes up and tell eating aloo is against their believes will u stop eating aloo and produce lesser gas? btw pepper beef dry fry is really tasty, if you dont know ask your bjp mates in kerala,
Maya Patel loudspeaker not started at 4.30 am.
Poor r starving n people r wasting thousand litres of milk on d posters of their favourite actors coz they treat them like God.... It's nt foolishness or stupidity. It's disgusting
RSS is pro hindu dog thy r terrirts agents and telng othr innocnt people of muslium as terrirts isnt it jst undrstnd logic u guys r educate going back of modi to drink his.....
Bark bark...bark 😂😂😂
Is this a news ? If you have No news than shutdown the channel
If your tweet against loudspeakers for noise pollution... it will be great... but this is targeted to only a religion basic.. thats y we are questioning... you are living in India...so you should understand there r multiples of religions in India.... Also you are singer .... first analyze your field how its polluted...
Shirish kunder.. I don't know how u became what u r now ;) ##presstitues pole dancer
NDTV SOLD OUT. NO ETHICS. NO MORALS. THATS THE PROBLEM IN INDIA.  NDTV LOST ONE REGULAR Audience. BEST LUCK NDTV WITH THE SCRAP.   Off the people, buy the people, far the people.
Quite an absurd comment coming from a versatile singer like Sonu Nigam! How can he talk about a prayer being a noise pollutant! Next he will have problem with the sound of mandir bells and blaring Navratri Jagarans! Sorry, but your comments are pathetically bad! 😑
clean up, rbi governor and modi immediately.to, save our country.
Mr Rahul Gandhi...dont have misconception of being a leader..you are a comedian..stick to that
ROHIT is a COWARD boy media is giving UNDUE IMPORTANCE
It is high time the Indian military to take some retaliatory strikes to check Pakistan from misadventures.
The father of all surgical strike is in the offing please please please wait for sometime. Don't go away. Have patience.
Just wanted to know whether killing innocents was also the integral part of that movement!!Madam shut your gob!!!You people are giving a bad name to our religion!!What happened in Rajasthan and various other parts of the country in the name of cow protection is of utmost shame!!
Support from all over the world except Pakistan and China the head ache of world community
Agent of bjp
SBI Staff are not creating awareness on Digital banking..pl put any private representative to create awareness on Digital banking
Look who is talking ,  A shemale who wants to dethrone Arvind kejriwal ji at the behest of crappy BJP.
A man who buys two thousand bikes for winning U0p elections is lecturing on fighting corruption. Devil quoting scriptures.
Manoj sir,, you changed the topic. First you talked about #Roti & #Rojgar then you moved away.. You should be in your line coz what u said #BoltaHai,, NDA government nothing did about saying.. They didn't created enough employment and they couldn't stop increase rates of #Roti & #Dal..
When its not banned in many states,  it should not be banned in chaddi ruling states.There should be no difference in states
she does not deserve to be IPS How dare one police officer can argue with senior MLA even it's a  ruling party. Police cannot insult MLA who is elected by the people and has to support his people. in such situations she should has to brave enough instead of emotiona..disgusting
No need behead them just send them your product they will die them self slow poison patanjelly!
Live and let live isn't an option that zealots and fanatics see. To them, it's either ""my way or the highway"". And how exactly are you supposed to convince people who stick on to ideologies like a leech to flesh, to change their perspective?
rail fare hike is first nail in Modi sarkar TABOOT..........Its ground realty..
I totally support . Shouting Azaan 5 times a day for 365 days is very disturbing annoying and very unpleasant. I thank him for raising this issue. At least some did. Kudos Sonu Nigam.#sonunigam  And where as other religions do play loudly on loudspeaker but they don't do it for 365 days and off course they don't start at early morning. Muslims have no right to complain because I know in many parts of India in Muslim dominated areas they forbid or totally stop even morning or evening Aarati in temples even without loud speakers. They are not some milk washed community. Horrible people.
Erdogan visiting nation, mainwhile  Pak  mutilates  2  Indian soldier's bodies .Govt .....    Seeing  their message ??? Why not  close  Pak embassy ???  Also pls  ask erdogan  what is happening to the Turkey Kurds ??  Brutal  murdees by  Turkey Army  ?  What about given the the Kurds their land ???   Let Kashmir not be thr talks on table  pass the byck pack, ,discuss KURDISTAN SETTLEMENT  .
he has gone mad
Stupid stooge of Corrupt dynasty, days of Corrupt dynasty Congress and sickular antinationals are now history. If an Italian woman could rule India for ten years together and looted more than Rs.12 lakhs crores of poor Indians, what is wrong with Modi who is common man elected by the people of India?
Porki beggar terrorists pigs crying they need burnol ..proud on u akki
Your language clearly shows the lower convert nair you are Nidhish nair !
I think problem is not loudspeaker, but 'loudspeakers'. Even when one will suffice in an area, due to many mosques near to each other, they all start Azan. Second thing is Nowadays the problem is that, not everyone sings azan, as it should be. So it sounds very irritating. Most of the Indian maulanas don't know how to sing a perfect azan. Otherwise it sounds very soothing. Like this: 👇  https://youtu.be/LGX6wX2GhcU
Dear all please note ,beside terrorist pakistan is  number one of producing Donkey, demand  of pakistan donkey are huge in those country who support pakistan .
Idiots voted them. Let them suffer. I will enjoy the show. :)
What a point PAWAN KHERA...Even I have not lost any family member to make this country free. Then I would not feel the pain of our Jawans.
Tired of the banking system. Looting common peoples money
Why Azaan only. It's against the free will of people to install loudspeakers at masjids, temple, gurudwara or church. Religion is a private affair of an individual. No loudspeakers should be allowed at any religious place.
You should complain. These loudspeakers shoupd be banned from every religious institutions. If a guy want to pray, he will go into the premise and listen to bhajan and stuff. Whtas the use of making non interested chaps hear the bhajan and ajans and what not.
Jay Mata di I challenge worldwide all country governments political worker's leader change the public court rules regulations law rights now action I have worldwide single powerful economic key I am God volunteer of Canada USA united state America oil of xl oil bahadur oil supply for future all Asia by bye by bye by bye by
These udderless party should be kicked out with beef stuffed in their mouth.
u should to kill innocent people thn BJP will say u r mentally fit
all Indian should now take promise-- Arabi Muslims should be finish until we do not speak any Muslims inside and outside india.
Asif Khan let kulbhushan yadav be a terrorist however your soldiers mutiliated the dead bodys of indian soldiers isnt that worse than terrorism
He has submitted himself into BJP hands..  Why? Anyone's guess.. Maybe some personal issues from his earlier life before he acquired the saintlike status.. Anyway his current behaviour is shameless..
Most corrupt party passed lokpal and now the only Nationalist party not even talking about it.
Napakis are greedy dogs.🤑🤑 Kick them if you see. Cheeeaap Napakis - thooooo.
http://indianexpress.com/article/india/fatwa-issued-against-reality-singing-star-nahid-afrin-by-42-clerics-4569825/    Dear Indian Express, I feel sorry to write that your journalists are out there to misinterpret events and present them in a distorted manner just to make some sensational headlines. The news about upcoming singer Nahid Afreen has been prepared without proper research and investigation. It was very sad to see that your journalists don't even know the difference between fatwa and appeal.  A fatwa is a non-binding legal opinion issued only by a qualified jurist (Mufti) on a request by someone who is unable to understand religious guidelines whereas the leaflet that is being circulated and presented as Fatwa is just a hard copy of an appeal signed by 46 men who believe in religious practices. The merit of appeal can be discussed on many grounds and in many dimensions but first and foremost, an appeal can not be called a legal opinion (Fatwa).  We expect apology from your side for such a mistake. Dear Indian Express, I feel sorry to write that your journalists are out there to misinterpret events and present them in a distorted manner just to make some sensational headlines. The news about upcoming singer Nahid Afreen has been prepared without proper research and investigation. It was very sad to see that your journalists don't even know the difference between fatwa and appeal.  A fatwa is a non-binding legal opinion issued only by a qualified jurist (Mufti) on a request by someone who is unable to understand religious guidelines whereas the leaflet that is being circulated and presented as Fatwa is just a hard copy of an appeal signed by 46 men who believe in religious practices. The merit of appeal can be discussed on many grounds and in many dimensions but first and foremost, an appeal can not be called a legal opinion (Fatwa).  We expect apology from your side for such a mistake
Boycott all sonu bloodys song from now ok all from India
alhamdulillah , mashallah even muslim countries are now scared of radical islamists .
Shame on Muslims koi Indian army kyun nahi jaata 15 Aug ko tiranga nahi fehraata sab desh virodhi tatv ho tum log
Real thug out there...😂
Sometimes people are killed in 2002 riots and in Muzaffarnagar riots and the people involved in inciting are rewarded by govt. Sometimes a community is killed and thrown away from their homeland(laxmanpur bathe) just because they are dalits. No body says a single word for their return. Sometimes a full community(tribals) is attacked and killed and are forced from four different villages  have to flee their homeland(kandhmal) just because they follow a different religion(Christianity).  No body says a single word against it knowing that in the above incident perpetrators were the same
and, indian express has been exposed...why indian express didn't post when azam khan titled Ravana to pm ? shame on paid media....!!
Nehru created the devil of Pakistan and the Congress remained worshipping it. Pakistan has to be beheaded.
This is called good governance. This never happened in earlier govt time. This could be claimed as surgical strike.
Express opinion is alway anti bjp
Indian express paper is one the waste paper in India, it got disappeared from market,
Doggy Raja will not come up... He is always want to alive in media by doing cheap publicity stunt .
Don't worry Pakistani people our MP already order to defence chief to take 2nd surgical strick
Shame for u for writing such comment. Try to have full information before writing this. Don't support cow smugglers.
Very biutyfull nice body & very sexy hot
Isn't there a law against loud music/sound ...beyond certain decibels loudspeakers should not be allowed ...
Shazad Gill it's rape.
That time when u used ""militant"" word against A Hath Yogi ..u r exposed mr writer.. the bloody prejudice mind of yours has been littering from many years against The Great Indian Culture.
U will support converstion bcze u knw u r also a converted muslim..whose ancestor were hindu...but they accept islam for their lives...so in our local language we call this types of muslim DOGLA..Or Hybrid.....Lol is talking abt ideology ....go and try to knw abt ur root...
Best dramebaz
Bomb all the porky Army camps in the border...Right now...#deathtoPakistan...
And btw Dhruv Panchal your own people cut and sell your God all over the world! India is one of the biggest beef exporter in 2017 newest world business report
True nationalist...I salute...But, we have many traitors within the country, who are defending terrorists...
Look at the timing of this BJP & RSS  sponsored man, #ANNAHAZARDOUS just at the brink of MCD Elections...where is his struggle for LOK PAL.. Why no more fasting drama??.#Arvindkejriwal is most hardworking,dedicated and honest politician of our times...His work speaks for him..
Anna miyaa... aap shaadi karlo Kiran bedi see... you are such a nonsense person.. you are playing a clear double game.... you are truly shameless.... Mr Arvind kejrewal is way way better politician than others... but still you are supporting CORRUPTED &COMMUNAL  BJP
WATCH: Yogi Adityanath began to weep while narrating his experience at the hands of the erstwhile Samajwadi Party government in UP.
Black money,terrorist and smuggler all will be wiped out.Off course builders.
Agree, she makes a ridiculous statement.  Working moms don't think their kids are puppies...
Just for the shake of political career...she ruined the lyf of poor farmers.... What they will do now with ""land full of concretes""
Anket tou ourat machine sa payda howa ya Gay mata ke gand sa sale ourat Hindu ho ya Muslim sab ka iezat karna chaya
Hats off to their lying skill
Minimum balance is 5000 to 10k How it is affordable to rural people?
He doesn't respect his religion even. Please learn to respect every religion and all human beings. Than get respect.
Thank god india didn't win 50 medal like USA. Very shame
After reading comments...aesa lgta h log smjhdar ho gye h...;pta nhi voting ke time yhi log gadhe ku bn jate h
Congress forced this into indian constitution in 1977. ..bcz b4 that no one needed to do caste politics
Anna Hazare is a Hypocrite  The  reason behind anna in joining with India against corruption the protest held at ram leela maidan was only to help BJP and oppose congress, even now he has no aim to oppose corruption or help india to develop. He is helping bjp to continue their corruption intolerance. nothing else.  ANNA target people who oppose BJP and their devide and rule strategy.
I wonder people who are cussing and saying bad thing about a lady... Hypocrisy at its best...  Can die to save cow, won't eat beef cause it's mother blah blah...  But...  But will leave no stone unturned to insult a lady, sanskar it seems..  I feel pity for such idiots.
she is a female terrorist...
There is one more aspect on road safety  which is how people are getting driving license without even having a knowledge of traffic laws. This should also be given a thought.
Pakistanis are born pigs and Pakistan should be kicked on their back sides...amry shoudl attack Pakistan's and its people
Seems he forgot SC's order, wat to say to this retarded personality?
I live beside a masjid they scream five times a day and it's very disturbing ...All Loudspeakers should be banned irrespective of religion
And I pity you David. I've looked at your page, no friends, no family and no posts other then rants of hatred for toward those you don't like. You think that is how good is shown? You don't fight evil with hate. It's sad, I hope it changes for you because what's going to happen is that your hate is all your going to have and if you end up getting what you want your not going feel any joy, only the emptiness of losing your purpose
To you all  Anti-hindu are seculars
Prayer should be inside mosque not with noise and disturb others on daily basis.
Agreed - Modi and Erdogan, divided by religion, united by fascism! Erdogan has been there for more than 10 years, just in case you find Modi better :)
And chutias like you are just putting allegations in social media !
Mr Anna Hazare created a Bhrasracharis hub /party, leaded by kejarilal nd his followers results all bhrasrecharis already find new dimension to create obstruction in making new India  nd it's a big blow to those who r fighting for Bhrastechar Mukt Bharat.
Now we have our very own Taliban, all those TV channels must be gratified to create an atmosphere of terror. Police should be informed and this should be taken very seriously.
bhikari mulk k bhikari sale..India ki barabari krne ki soch b nhi skte tum
This is ridiculous and Inhumanity activitys by pak armys continious cease fire & geneva convention violations its is time to give Befitting response to pak
Then you should also watch Pappu he cracks much bigger jokes even he can bring earthquake. Listen to him you'll enjoy
If you remove the Gandhis. Everything  will change.never .it's in our blood to cheat,Rob, fraud,to treat someone less than us.and it's no use to blame politicians, they enter politics. to loot how much you can in 5 years.and then keep blaming the next govt.we are use to corruption to accepts gets from them.and they also know that.thats why they offer everything.
Why do you pakistani's roam around on Indian News Chanel Page.  Why are you so much obsessed with India? You have no shame.
Mallu ± Mulla is dangerous combination 😂
first Modi has to deal with traitors like digvijay, manishankar ayer , Farookh A and many others. they are more dangerous to india. Such a shameless bunch of jokers. Just for few votes they want to sell their country. Shame on you guys
Fake
How the Pakistani soldier mutilates an Indian BSF jawan? By entering in to loc? Don't make fool of your nation.
The best way to counter the BJP's anti beef army is to flood their computer with beef recipe.
Shame on BJP and shame on pm Modi who said before elections he will bring 10 heads for one indian soldier
This fellow is nauseating. He should be kicked on his back for his day to day drama. He is a fool wasting every bodies time.
100% Correct
Haha trying to legitimize their claim and show the world they are victims. Bloody fanatic media
Adverstising them is not an issue,but the way they are being endorsed is really one.
Beating up thieves is not new in Assam. thats village justice. You media is trying to manipulate it.
Paul Sabin u r such a retard......u share a post and then like it ur self 😂😂😂😂😂
Kill all the people. No corruption . Pure india will cone
Communal sharks are the reason for all this confusion, they are adding salt into the festering wounds of the ADMK by using OPS to get a foot hold into TN politics. The people of TN should keep this communally disruptive agenda at bay. Or else communal harmony will be lost in this most peaceful state of India.
Have chinky eyes nobody will touch you.
U guys should teach ur children the importance of nation alongwid religion.....
Dont call him fahad. Call him pig born from sh*t hole from his mom...
I'm ashamed to have a motor mouth PM like fakendra Modi. #feku
Now the SECULARS will bark... Since father disowned, he is not Indian 😂
It's most worst speech of Prime Minister of India in the Indian History
@Nina This is what Mira said - ""It’s my choice if I want to be at home, it’s someone else’s choice if they want to be a working woman. Feminism isn’t about man versus woman. It’s about equality. There’s a new wave of feminism that’s come which is about aggression. I feel it’s very destructive. I feel there should be a harmony between the two sexes.""  What's exactly so offensive about the above statement? You are making this an issue about women who HAVE to work to support their family financially. She wasn't criticizing that at all. In fact, nobody does. We all applaud such women.   You called her a twit when you don't even possess either the basic decency to read about an issue before commenting on it or you don't even have the IQ to understand her simple statement.
AIMIM is nothing to loose in U.P  But Teach very good lesson to those all SECULAR PARTIES   It's time to Sonia Gandhi come to Darussalam and  settle down And INC to remove all DIGI  LIKE shits out of  INC
Wrong
Shut down all IITs!
This kind of webcast quality is not expected from #CNBCTV18 and #BajajAuto both. :-( One of the worst webcast.
Anna know nothing. He is.illiterate old man now useless.
""Love you haters""
Anti Muslim sonu. You are a fool. You end is nearing. So you became anti Muslim. You will lose everything and beg in front of Masjid.
Reactionary elements should be thrown in Indian ocean and restore the academic atmosphere in all universities..they are not students. They are well known political goondas indulging in all sorts of vices in universities..
Forget speed joi internet does not work properly..
Soon Kalbhoshan is going to become international certified terrorist.And whole world will see the ugly face of India a real terrorist state.
What kind of media is this!!first they make headlines of indian soldiers being killed by rocket launchers n now about mutilating their dead bodies....this can happen only if Pak army crosses LOC....btw it looks like a #RealSurgicalStrike with evidences on indian media
V need to make sure Pak exist  only on old maps.. erase Dem .. my dear brother soldiers .
KJO was asking for this since a very very long time, its a bloody nexus. Its not an industry, its a ""Hindu Family business"" like outfit. Totally Feudal.
It's disgusting, m a Muslim but I have bunch of friends from Another relgn, to express our point of views it's not necessary to highlight something from any specific relgn , definitely it will hurt their followers,
he is absolutely right. Azan loudspeakers are very loud. Allah can be remembered anywhere according to Islam scholars then why this hypocrisy?
How dare one police officer can argue with senior MLA that too of ruling party. Police cannot insult MLA who is elected by the people and has to support his people. Police officer should be immediately sacked for misbehaviour.
More jawans of indian army ready to go to hell
King of idiots
Encounter this Piggy singh He is a utter waste of india
It is gr8 tactics of Anna Hazare to remain popular in Media....
Mean Pak Army Entered J&K Killed and mutilated Bodies, thats called Surgical strike.
Kejriwal is a scandal in the history of Independent India.
pakistan force are not called force. they are called terrorist
Pakistan has no guts,,,,,,Pak knows the consequences  It is defeated every where by India,,,,,,,,
This proves that India is intolaren, rather Hindus are intolarent.
yeh sp k kutte sb chor hai saale
I think ,you ppl are so Illiterate ,that you ll not understand the English ....
Look at the timing of this BJP & RSS  sponsored man, #ANNAHAZARDOUS just at the brink of MCD Elections...where is his struggle for LOK PAL.. Why no more fasting drama??.#Arvindkejriwal is most hardworking,dedicated and honest politician of our times...His work speaks for him..
have even ever seen someone like your brother or jut a friend killed in front of u before
how we can think about justice when number of law makers are rapist & big criminals..?
Cong please be silent. This problem created by you. You didn't solve. Now you are peaching others. Modiji knows what to do.
first go and brush your teeth .....shenoy you cannot cheat us
What is Modi doing situation getting worst then under MMS High time he makes way to other capable PM candidates.How long will we wait for Ache Din
I feel inconvenience and suffered headache by your songs when it play loudly  in public area,
Yes going by ur logic dawood has to win election for 5 times to have that portfolio.  Did u forget SRK's slap?
Never saw a fools like Modi bhakts..... KV has said just one line against corruption and attached it to delhi govt (at the time when CVC himself said corruption decreases to 1/4th in delhi)..... and all bhakts are sharing this video.... and they forget that most of the lines KV said in this video is against the fake nationalism of Modi......and they themselves spreading this.....  KV again proves himself genius....
Against 2 Army javan we need 200 pak  army killed. ..we need more
Anna hajare already in BJP,  he is in dark sleep, sure he will woke up at next parliament election. Mr. Anna Hahare what a master planner your. Showing these types of attitude very shame on you, dramebaaz.
Who care. Unethical business of alcohal.
When people are electing criminals what can police do?
Really?? Then what r u expecting... A six pack guy.... Read and understand the nature of bheema in mahabhartha...
You licked the minorities regularly and called it secularism. Your Muslim members regularly kill BJP workers. You think that is normal. The communists chased away taslima nazreen and you call it secularism. You,like cowards support China. Filthy communists!
Vote bank  Politics
if rapes can happen in an army why cant murders and mutilated bodies be expected...??!!! #indiots_army_drama
Why the fuck is everyone bothering about IIT. Work hard if you want to get the fucking admission in IIT and there are people who do even better then iitians...haa hai chutiye iitians Jo sochte hai ki they are better then everyone else
Mr Anna Hazare has dashed all our hopes long back. He went against AAP & AK because he did not expect BJP to lose so miserably in Delhi. Now he has woken up because of MCD election, parroting BJP's lines against AK.
IF  POSSIBLE MODIJI HAS  TO  FIX  THE  ROT  IN  THE  JUSTICE  SYSTEM  WHICH SEEMS TO BENEFIT  ONLY  THE  CRIMIANALS, FRAUDSTERS  AND  DACOITS  AND  NOT  THE  VICTIMS!    SADLY IN  OUR  COUNTRY  NOW  , THOSE  HAVING ENOUGH MONEY  AND  POLITICAL  SUPPORT  CAN  BRIBE  AND BUY  ANY  BODY  IN  OUR DEVIL'S OWN  COUNTRY    AND  THAT INCLUDES  PERHAPS    JUDGES  TOO  SINCE  THEY  ARE  PART OF  THE  COMMUNITY!  RIGHT???  THE  PROBLEM STARTS   WITH  THE  VICTIM  OF  THE  FRAUD  OR INJUSTICE  APPROACHING  THE  POLICE  STATION  IN   THE AREA  OF  HIS  RESIDENCE  OR  AREA  WHERE  FRAUD  OR  INJUSTICE HAS TAKEN PLACE!    IF  THE  CONCERNED STATION SUB-INSPECTOR  OR CIRCLE INSPECTOR  ARE  INFLUENCED  OR BRIBED  BY MONEY  OR  GIFTS  OR BY  POLITICAL  PRESSURE, IT IS  CHILD'S PLAY  FOR THEM  TO  FILE  A  DISTORTED  AND  MIS-LEADING  ""FIR"" AND TO  DESTROY  THE  MAIN PIECES  OF EVIDENCE  RELEVANT  TO  THE  CASE    AND  THIS IS  EXACTLY WHAT HAPPENED  IN A CASE INVOLVING CHEATING  AND  FRAUD OF MANY  CRORES OF RUPEES  INCLUDING  GOLD  ORNAMENTS  COLLECTED  BY FRAUD  FROM MORE THAN  25   GULLIBLE  KERALITES  BY  ""MANAPPURAM  FINANCE  COMPANY""  USING  FAUDULENT  MONEY  AND  GOLD   DEPOSIT  SCHEMES   AND USING ONE OF THEIR  WOMAN EMPLOYEE!   THE  ""FIR""  FILED  COMPLETELY  TRIVIALIZED THE  CASE  OF  CHEATING OD ABOUT TEN  CRORES  RS  BY THE  ABOVE  COMPANY EMPLOYEE  AS  A  PETTY  CHEATING CASE  AND  CLEVERLY  LEFT  OUT  THE  NAME  OF  THE  COMPANY  IN  THE FIRST INFORMATION  REPORT  ( FIR) BY  THE  POLICE  ATHORITIES , SURELY UNDER  MONETARY  PRESSURE  OR  OTHE RPRESSURE!    THE  CHEATED  AND  FOOLED  AND  LOOTED  INVESTORS  APPROACHED  THE  KERALA HIGH  COURT  AND  THE  HIGH COURT  AFTER  SOME  MONTHS, JUDGED  THAT  THE  ""FIR"" WAS  DEFICIENT  AND FAULTY  AND  JUDGED  THE  DEEPER  INVOLVEMENT  OF  ""MANAPPURAM FINANCE  COMPANY' IN THIS  MATTER   BUT  SADLY  THE  HIGH  COURT DID  NOT  PASS  THE  JUDGMENT  TO  DISMISS  AND PUNISH  THE  POLICE  AUTHORITIES  FOR  FILING  A  DISTORTED  AND  FAULTY  "" FIR""    AND IF  THIS  WAS  DONE  IT  WOULD  HAVE SENT    A  STRONG SIGNAL TO  ALL POLICE  PERSONNEL  NOT TO  DISTORT  THE  FIR  AND  NOT TO  DESTROY  THE  EVIDENCES    AND  TO  PRESENT THE  CASE IN  FULL DETAIL  WITHOUT  HIDING  ANY  IMPORTANT EVIDENCE  RELEVANT  TO THE CASE!   AND  SADLY  MAJORITY OF  CASES  ARE  LOST  WITHOUT  EVIDENCE  DUE  TO THE  SAD  FACT  THAT  ""  FIR""  IS  FAULTY  AND  THE  CONCERNED  PERSONS  FILING  THE  FAULTY  FIR  ARE  NOT  PUNISHED  SEVERELY   AND  HENCE THE  CROOKS  AND  CRIMINALS  GET  AWAY  WITHOUT GETTING PUNISHED  AND  THE  VICTIMS OF THE  FRAUD  AND  INJUSTICE  SUFFER  ALL THEIR  LIFE  WITHOUT  GETTING JUSTICE  BESIDES  LOSING  ALL  THEIR  WEALTH  TOO!  IT IS  RELEVANT TO  ADD THAT THIS  CHEATING CASE OF MANY CRORES  HAPPENED  WHEN  MR SEN KUMAR  WAS  DGP  OF KERALA  AND       THOUGH THE  SERIOUSNESS OF THIS  CHEATING CASE  WAS  BROUGHT  TO HIS ATTENTION  IN TIME, HE  DID NOT MOVE  EVEN A  SMALL FINGER  AND  DID  NOT COME FORWARD  TO  HELP THE  VICTIMS IN TIME  TOO!
Somebody ask this fool to keep his mouth shut.Media should ignore him completely
just wasting the hard earned money of public... highly criticise such kind of act! y the hell they r paid so much..
I hate MI...
This is very stupid of her to give such statement. Not everybody has a choice to relax on her spouses's money. And for her kind information, even puppies are looked after very well. You cant place your choice as 'supreme' over others. what is her achievement in life- an actor's WIFE!
Good... Now go to hell with Congress or Aam admi party...  I know peoples like u just need free water, free electricity , free Wi-Fi etc...  U peoples don't care about anyone except yourself...
why dont u make ur room sound proof..simple
Pak Army intruded into Indian terrirtory, killed indian soldiers, had some laugh cup of tea with biscuits, mutilated their bodies and went back to their barracks, now tell me while this all rubbish was happening what were indian border forces doing watching mia khalifa and sunny leone?
Need publicity
Abay Bharti we are Muslim we don't eat pig meat. We eat Gau mata's beef. Btw it slaughtering not cutting you illerate Bhakt.
I have a feeling a significant portion of the Rs.5 lakh crores of 2000 rupee notes must have gone to some shady launderers, political parties and other thugs while crores of Indians sweated it out just to get one or two 2000 rupee notes.
Your hatred towards other cultures show that you're ignorant and need to be qualified
All don't subscribe to your way of waking up. If u want to wake up hearing azan or bhajan, use it as alarm tune. If you want to hear when someone calls you, make it your ringtone. If you want to hear in spare time, plug those earphones.
I think one day not longer These Hindu Terrorist will be disappear from the  earth , especially good Hindus will kick them out from Politics to teach them lessons.
Salute to such father and same time he sets example for pseudo seculars who always find dirty politics in such anti nation act and try to mileage their minority centric politics.
instead of fixing the error they deleted my comment. fuk ndtv
High court is stupid or what.... yogi never asked the licensed meat shops to shut down.... After all its UP high court.... what can we expect from them ??
http://indianexpress.com/article/india/fatwa-issued-against-reality-singing-star-nahid-afrin-by-42-clerics-4569825/    Dear Indian Express, I feel sorry to write that your journalists are out there to misinterpret events and present them in a distorted manner just to make some sensational headlines. The news about upcoming singer Nahid Afreen has been prepared without proper research and investigation. It was very sad to see that your journalists don't even know the difference between fatwa and appeal.  A fatwa is a non-binding legal opinion issued only by a qualified jurist (Mufti) on a request by someone who is unable to understand religious guidelines whereas the leaflet that is being circulated and presented as Fatwa is just a hard copy of an appeal signed by 46 men who believe in religious practices. The merit of appeal can be discussed on many grounds and in many dimensions but first and foremost, an appeal can not be called a legal opinion (Fatwa).  We expect apology from your side for such a mistake.
Terrorist groups
I saw the video. The speach looked like a comedy show of Russel peters. He names some congress men and the audience laughing. Does he full fill any charecters of a PM?. When the country is in a huge financial trouble and oppostion is accusing him of bribe, he should answer to the point with proof. These kind of sarcastic reply is unprofessional.
India will find soon socide attcks mojahedin come to india soon
latha venkatesh....please dont show your teeth for valentine...dont be a senseless person......though you r little bit underdeveloped mentally.....
Quit india...best policy
For those who still brainwashed to think that terrorism has religion...........Which terror organisation did max no of terrorist attacks in the world ???? It's ULFA they r Hindus not Muslims.  They did 749 conformed terrorist attacks .which terror organisation did maximum no of killings in the world ??? It's LTTE they killed more than 60000 innocents ( 3 times than Isis) . LRA Christian terrorist organisation killed more innocents than Alkhyda . Have ever seen it in western media . It's a western media propaganda to portray all terrorist as Muslim . In reality there r dormant nonmuslim terror organisation across the world like IRA ETA Antimatter Bala Maoists KKK The raising path etc..
Annaji is fool .... Uulluu banadiya jata hai haramkhor ko Bjp dwara
Doordarshan have become puppet of BJP and work according to their benifits.
Okay for a sec I assuming that women are raped by jawans.  So why don't you produce any evidence on that?  Yes please don't pick guns in your hand..  Bring the facts on social media..  It can help..  Thinking Pakistan will ever help you is totally wrong.  They are just using you guys and firing from behind ur shoulders.  That's why army is losing life their because they are not interested in shooting at you.  Tell me if they really wanted to kill you all is it a really hard nut to Crack. They can shoot you at will..  But no..  Pakistan is misguiding you.  Try to think.
this is case of theft and in assam there is ban on beef , presstitutes give this cow protectors angle
^^^^here you have it folks. She stands with Israel, but lives in the USA. She supports apartheid, killing Palestinians, and treating non-Jews like second class citizens.   Jews also like to play the victim card by throwing out the ""anti-Semite"" card. Guess what, no one feels sorry for Jews. They have done just fine on the backs of others so spare me your ""Jew lives matter"" BS and take your hypocritical hate elsewhere.
These are the repercussions of making an uneducated person our PM there is still lot to come I regret for my vote for modi
And he's silent in every move he's had such respect but now he's another bhakth
Ak is most stupid person born on this earth
mine is just the opposite.like him as an actor but dislike him for being greedy and opportunistic.
If it is a matter of sleep for hindus then please have a look,,, As per Hinduism a true Hindu is one who is awake in Brahma Muhoorat & do not sleep during that time, Early Morning hours after 4 am is Brahma Muhoorat when a Hindu should not be sleeping. ADHAN IS A MATTER OF FEW MINUTES.  And according to science early wakeup keeps a person happy. while sleeping till late spoils ones health. Well....it is a matter of fact in my area that some prayers in temples are held in early morning and chanting of mantras do take place on loudspeaker in the very early morning for quite a long time. Though it is an area of more than 95% of muslims, we never opposed it then why hindu orthodox destructive minds raising their eye-brows on a matter of only few minutes. Azan is being recited for a couple of minutes. Being a secular indian citizen, it's very much important to restrain these fascist forces and stop them to create an unhealthy environment for this secular and great country. OUR STATE IS SECULAR STATE. Donot misuse the opportunity given to develop nation. Make it dont break it. Live and let others live peacefully....!
I.E. and this idiot just read this https://www.facebook.com/godsameer/posts/10155953881588712
Does Afrin still maintain that there was a Fatwa. Is she using the fake fatwa to generate free publicity for herself at the cost of the community.
when your brain is clay , then customer can shape your brain -amanico
Really Is that obscene, I thought she was really the owner of the unsound mind next to only Owaisi.
Gajapati raju so cool. But should have kicked that idiot out of parliament
We must expose the rapists and come to know their religion, caste, education, family values and level of barbarism!  BJP can't change degenerate nasal...once we come to know which segment produces these barbarians, we can monitor criminal activities better!  It might be that people are deliberately causing havoc in BJP ruled states for their delusional religion!
🏡 вoт powered вy •» Adarsh Sharma  🏨 Just Now  Aaj Tak 🚥 Bot On Fire  🏢 Tue : 2 - May - 2017 🏨  Like Back Aaj Tak 🏥 Like & Comment Late 2 minute 0 Sec  🏪  BOt By   Adarsh Sharma 🔰 Webotter.ga server-3 🔰
Anna Hazare ji, aap chunaav ke samay hi kyon jaagte ho? Arvind Kejriwal, unlike you has come out in the open and is fighting with the system whereas you from the comforts of your village do not have the guts to match your chela and just criticise without doing anything meaningful.  You were our hero once upon a time but today- you are just one of those who left the battlefield to save your skin and basque in flattery and jhoothi glory... :-/
Shivshankar Thakur They have nothing to show,these r low life scums with neither knowledge of history nor any capablity to see stark failures of communism, and dont even get me started on their economic insight a retard has more economic literacy then any commie commenting here. They love china, I think we shud disenfranchise them and send them to china or maybe tibet would be fun watching them die at hands of Peoples army eternal bliss.
MMS was a puppet.
had Indian prestitutes  focussed on Zaira Khan Dungal girl who is facing such embrassing situation.  had they debated on W.Bengal Moulvi serving Fatwas  instead being International Champions of equality.Donald Trump has probably made remarks against Media keeping in mind Indian Prestitutes.
Cpm should trough 3 time ban terrorist organisation
He is an irresponsible politician and should not be taken seriously. Due this altitude he is not only compromising on national security but also demoralizing the Inidian forces. This should be condemned by all.
Only uneducated can comments on the ability  of  PM
I feel if any Indian gets into an altercation with a white in the US should clearly tell that he is a Indian and a hindu.. so as not to be mistaken for being an arab .. better be safe than sorry.
First dogs like Digvijaya Singh need to be put to sleep and then one must analyze what to do with Pakistan.
One of worst CM .... always sleeping.... when he opened his mouth only Dalit , Muslim wards came ... ch***ya ...no value Hindu people in Karnataka....he using low cast people as vote bank ....10 RSS & 5 BJP karykarta dead till now ... 😡😡😡 After Jammu, WB , Kerala.... Karnataka is the most affected jihadi activities
You Lallu fodder scam u r banned.shut up.
copying American hahahaha...RAPEISTAN is still not on that level.stop dreaming TIOLETISTAN
In your wet dreams moron. We had destroyed pakis 3 times in the past, we can do it anytime again...
BJP🃏🃏🃏🃏 Leaders are too Greedy. They have Looted all Indian population Money by DEMONetisation of Indian Currency Note of ₹1000 & ₹500.
The illness is in your mind. Take art for art sake, you will be fine
She must be declared a national shame.
U bloody morons u killed lacs of people in kashmir and u are weeping when ua 2 dogs
Who is this Shirish Kunder? Looks like all the people-who-matter have shunned Indian Express that in utter desperation it is catching hold of any Tom, Dick and Harry who would give it a sound byte.  It's the bottom to which this once- respected paper has stooped to.
Vishnu Tallapragada True. Pakistanis and Bangladeshis r the most discriminated in Saudi.
And what was Bangladesh called before 1971 ... Lol .... Pakistan and victories ... Epic lol !!!
B.F of your son Madam.
They don't have the guts to go to Bengal were people of 1 community r being killed & harassed regularly..... These activist r afraid to raise voice for zaira wasim who is getting threats by the so called separatist(actually terrorist)...... I m sorry to say .....but they all r fu*k*ng bunch of coward....
What is our pm doing,.. do something,.. full scale war or whatever it takes to revenge please do it... This is not the first time ,.. pakistan should get appropriate retaliation
Religious noise must be banned
Gandhi Killer Ram (Nathu) Temple in India......  Big Shame 4 India........
Shirish kunder is a dud.... Remember#joker? Lol
Modi was the main culprit of Gujarat.  Wo jail m h ? He is prime Minster.  Don't you think modi as  the culprit ?
From 7 decades your party run the coutnry by one man Rule formula even Sonia was not on any post still remote controlled PM and now you have guts to say something on one Man rule, bravo , congressi super cheap
Ram NATH ji Goenka must be feeling shame on his successors...
not even a single goal congress govt achieved in last 9 year except corruption and high Inflation......
shah rukh kahn must n=be given a punish seroiusly ou acting lke that to a girl..
Any one who is more foolish than AK would be his voters 😂
Moni Singh you ppl will challenge only to loose
India is killing his own people & says this done by Pakistan
It's neither sikh nor Hindu..it's Indian who faces Pakistan..you bloddy coward
No soon after we paid to reliance Jio the download speed has gone very worse than 2 G speed
ISI agent... Bjp IT cell
http://indianexpress.com/article/india/fatwa-issued-against-reality-singing-star-nahid-afrin-by-42-clerics-4569825/  Dear Indian Express, I feel sorry to write that your journalists are out there to misinterpret events and present them in a distorted manner just to make some sensational headlines. The news about upcoming singer Nahid Afreen has been prepared without proper research and investigation. It was very sad to see that your journalists don't even know the difference between fatwa and appeal.  A fatwa is a non-binding legal opinion issued only by a qualified jurist (Mufti) on a request by someone who is unable to understand religious guidelines whereas the leaflet that is being circulated and presented as Fatwa is just a hard copy of an appeal signed by 46 men who believe in religious practices. The merit of appeal can be discussed on many grounds and in many dimensions but first and foremost, an appeal can not be called a legal opinion (Fatwa).  We expect apology from your side for such a mistake
Hypocrisy at its best She has never blamed Mahesh Bhatt  of nepotism for casting emraan in all the movies made under his banner He  on the other hand runs a pathetic show which shows gossiping rich people without any Connect with the issues of the society  So pls don't feel bad U never know this might be a publicity stunt for one of their upcoming films
SK Bill Carney I pity ignorance such as yours.
India is a fake, Fragile and unatural union build by British to control the poor masses. it has become a monster for minorities and neighbors, almost 40% of Indian Land is direct under Indian Army control who commit grave human right abuses under notorious AFSPA , Kashmiris hate India for brutal illegal occupation of their land but shameless India so called upper Class Hindu elite doesnt want to Free Kashmir for their political gaines, India is the only country which is being run by Extremists apart from Israel.
What you should know about Turkey's President, Recap Tayyip Erdogan:  The Turkish economy between 2002 and 2012 caused a growth of 64% in real GDP and a 43% increase in GDP per capita.  Erdoğan inherited a debt of $23.5 billion to the IMF, which was reduced to $0.9 billion in 2012. He decided not to sign a new deal. Turkey's debt to the IMF was thus declared to be completely paid and he announced that the IMF could borrow from Turkey.  In 2010, five-year credit default swaps for Turkey's sovereign debt were trading at a record low of 1.17%, below those of nine EU member countries and Russia.  In 2002, the Turkish Central Bank had $26.5 billion in reserves. This amount reached $92.2 billion in 2011. During Erdoğan's leadership. Inflation fell from 32% to 9.0% in 2004.  Under Erdoğan's government, the number of airports in Turkey increased from 26 to 50.  Between 2002 and 2011, another 13500 km of expressway were built.  For the first time in Turkish history, high speed railway lines were constructed, and the country's high-speed train service began in 2009. In 8 years, 1076 km of railway were built and 5449 km of railway renewed.  Erdogan put greater investments into the healthcare system than any predecessor. As part of the reforms, the ""Green Card"" program, which provides free health benefits to the poor.  Erdoğan increased Education spending from 7.5 billion lira in 2002 to 34 billion lira in 2011, the highest share of the national budget given to one ministry and number of universities in Turkey nearly doubled, from 98 in 2002 to 186 in October 2012.  In 1996 1$=222 Lira and in 2016 1$=2.94 Lira, even after the recent turmoil.
Get well soon sonu and all his supporters !  Note:- Indians are secular!  And if any indian behaves so!  like insulting a religion let that be any religion then "" at first note he himself isnt a true indian but a threat to the country where he can make a religious despite and cause religious difference between people and thus a new INDIAN ISI born! #getwellSonu
Sonu Nigam was not having currently at his home my god are in which slum area does he stay that he is not having a coloured nowadays in small society is also there are generators and inverters and a singer like Sonu Nigam is that there is no current at his home you didn't pay your bill or what or do you stay in some slum area in jhopadpatti nowadays in slum area there is a inverter
Corruption queen... she needs to be investigated for all her loot ...
Nidhish Muralidharan Nair I feel one day you may convert also. when you realise and understand what you are following.
Do not they get enough salary???And why should they be paid big bucks,arent they morons who knows how to kill and rape innocent people!!
He is an RSS puppet, speak only When RSS says
Muslim is never a peaceful communities.... bro action speaks louder than words
He is BJP chamcha. Why this old lier is not agitating 4 Lokpal?
ABVP shout anti national slogans in camouflage to malign the great institution, and hence police, NIA never arrest them. Vindicated for its seriousness of greatness.
Agar sharukh khan ye bol deta k i m not hindu but i am disturbed by navratri poojan and mandir pujan by loudspeaker .....tab Sharukh khan desdrohi hota ...or aaj sonu nigam ko support mil rha h ...wah re log
Tanveer Sameer Obviously no one likes it so u can feel by yourself when hindus are bashed everytime for their every festival whether its navratri or diwali. i agree no one should critices others practices but it should go both ways, it shouldn't be biased everytime
Nowadays the problem is that, not everyone sings azan, as it should be. So it sounds very irritating. Most of the Indian maulanas don't know how to sing a perfect azan. Otherwise it sounds very soothing. Like this: 👇  https://youtu.be/LGX6wX2GhcU
Time to loudly denounce that kind of element who are threat to humanity.
99.99% of them are down ... Dare to say I'm wrong 😎
As FM you made us all unhappy.
U will have to pay for shedding the innocent blood in the whole world
Lols.. and there you go, twisting the video..  Arvind Kejriwal himself has shared this video on both Facebook and Twitter.   But you guys, #Pressitute need to necessarily create rift..
Is what congressi challenging to whole nation to do .........we assure u we'll do the worst with u morron congressis
These garbage media make him more famous by posting crap news related to him.
Shame on you virat and to your team. You should kickout BINNY from you team.
His career is in the declining stage now . Out of frustration, he speaks this illogical and communal stuff .,
Scoundrel people  Stupid questions
Complete elimination of Naxals & Terrorists is the only way out! Delaying decisive action may increase the risk of increased naxal & terror attacks & more communities turning Terrorists
Hate her re.
Sonu nigam, you are desperate.
Dhan GuruNanak heartless parent
More lying stories from Indian media. Hahahhaha just like their never happened surgical strikes.   India media at its lowest.
they r not activist or student they r agents of foreign funded ngos... who need to put in jail under NSA....
Shame on Shahrukh khan works block for Dr. Mahmoud Baluch today  https://twitter.com/national_baluch/status/859229013813940225  Shame on them that he loves the pakistan
Go hell you mongolian crap!$&*$
He is really disturbed by the daily cacophony at a time when sound travels the fastest...
Surbhi Srivastava super fool like you try hard in every thing else, as beauty is not a fimiliar word for you.
But simple wasting of time u people really taking more then 3 weeks but still sim is not activated. . .I can't trust what service u people r going to give
BJP doing all this to defame AAP more..... NOTHING ELSE .
Don't try the senseless northi tricks in kerala , 95% kerala people eat beef , the more you push the more we eat it .
Communist are deshdrohi.  Narendra Modi is building new India.
Anna is BJP'S agent
Politicians stop talking and bickering  Take some action show to prove your words spoken
Stupid. If we have Presidential form of Govt Modiji will be the President. Then what will your party do?
He is expert in bluffing.  Destroyed Indian economy and slave of Modi.
Think of people ,they will hold ur neck. U Bhagode now blaming govt
Should  we buy nifty  around  8880with sl. Of 8820
Have control over your language .Mr Mohammed.you are vomiting venom?
Konnor Ternus Blah, blah, so ignorant.
Really pathetic....crap vote bank politics
They were killed by their own troops to defame Pakistan..... Because Pakistan denies such attack
Or buy this bike and go to graveyard directly. That's the message
You can do analysis, be very happy about BJP winning 81 seats but WIN IS WIN!! ... ""Ask any racer. Any real racer. It doesn't matter if you win by an inch or a mile. Winning’s winning✌✌✌.""😂😂😂😂
drama
Napakis are expert to make jannat into jahannum.  Ex. Afghanistan, Balochistan,Pok & kashmir.
I m not with  u , im against u
A bunch of nincompoops calling themselves a court.     Shame on you
Oil company should ocupie all the petrol pump in up
First finish doggy. Then attack Pakistan. Dogy is more dangerous than Pakistan
Mayawati so called dalit crorepati woman can't say one letter without reading paper Sher should have declared some poor dalit woman for CM post ..
Pak Army intruded into Indian terrirtory, killed randian soldiers, had some laugh cup of tea with biscuits, mutilated their bodies and went back to their barracks, now tell me while this all rubbish was happening what were bc Lundian border forces doing watching mia khalifa and sunny leone? 😂
terrible rule. Some people have a passion for cars. Car companies would suffer. Instead why not replace rickshaws with electric Tata Nanos in order to reduce pollution.
Today I get up at 03:00 am after hearing the song of Sonu Nigam. Banned him too. He disturbed me while I was deeply sleeping.
William Machado Azam khan and owaisi said modi and his entire caste is Dog ...
Why is the volume so low.... not just today, its always the same. Whereas, the live programmes on other channels have a good audio level. Pls address the issue.
She deserves punishments so she can be kept silent
if sc st bc mbc have rights to have reservations then Muslims also have rights to have separate reservation since the social status of muslims is lower than bc and mbc. if reservation is not required then give equal free education to all community
India is a fake, Fragile and unatural union build by British to control the poor masses. it has become a monster for minorities and neighbors, almost 40% of Indian Land is direct under Indian Army control who commit grave human right abuses under notorious AFSPA , Kashmiris hate India for brutal illegal occupation of their land but shameless India so called upper Class Hindu elite doesnt want to Free Kashmir for their political gaines, India is the only country which is being run by Extremists apart from Israel.
Maya doing only publicity
What bloody nuisance illwill person he's talking about , do some alien came from space on the LOC and committed this heinous crime.
Finish Pakistan .D terror state has existed for long .
Ban all procession. Andhe, tell to ban Ganeshotsav, Srikrishna Jayanthi and all other hindu, Muslim Christian Procession.
Seems like Indian express hasn't seen the video...idiots!
Whoaa ! Such a Boor chap/lash you are   I pity the nescients like you who hold no respect for any religion.  You ethics is ethically withered b stagnant of water.  May you die in peace ( though you won't in your dying boots ) , I really hope so.
ghostly 👻
kumar is becoming like shazia limi. so quit aap and join with her.
Very bad bjp
All kind noise pollution should be waived out if possible. If azan prayer is problematic then late night bhajans from loudspeakers are also problematic.
What the hell are you talking stupid shut your mouth and get lost
Such an ignorant racist comment. You have equated ignorance to Hinduism and meat eating as something elite and culturally superior. So much for the self bragging superior mindset.
Where is the proof suckers..stop creating a nuisance ...they would have been eaten by wolves or lions and u media puppets find evrythng as an opportunity to make money ..
Pakistan is the worst country. You cannot mutilate a body! U just cant. it shows ur inhuman nature and how low you can go. #BoycottPakistan
Being half IITian( having done only post graduation from IIT,) I can say yes, very much overrated. No output except engineers who mainly serve USA. No cooperation with Some industry or startups and very snobbish know all behaviour of profs. No respect for students who are future.
MLA is no ruler ..This is democracy..There is due process of law . Get out of medieval mindset
Fudged EVM machine malfunctioned , that's why AAP got 67 seats, Exchanging maximum vote, failed, and maximum vote AAP received , by defect or early stage software mis calculation. Later it made perfect to cross exchange votes. UP result for example
A great singer but a worst human. He should respect religions and humanity and should avoid saying those stuff that hurts a particular group of people. His Ex-Fan from #Afghanistan and now hate him.
Pak Army intruded into Indian terrirtory, killed indian soldiers, had some laugh cup of tea with biscuits, mutilated their bodies and went back to their barracks, now tell me while this all rubbish was happening what were indian border forces doing watching mia khalifa and sunny leone?
We are sad for this unfortunate incidence and loosing our warriors. Govt. should and will fight back and give reply to this. May God give strength to the family members of the Martyrs.
One day u will have to pay for shedding blood of innocent people's in KASHMIR
U r jealous with other singer dat doesnt make u sleep 😴  Go beg for some work u will find peaceful sleep n try not to creates riots by ur words u r known celebrity it doesn't make u to speak about any religion n dat jst for publicity u creep mind go n consult to psychiatrists n get ur treatment done
How stupid comment is that. What does she want to express ? Working women treat their kids as puppy. She got married only after completing education so how much she knows about balancing work with family ?? Without knowing things this kind of comment is totally unacceptable.
Prasad Desai  Saint Sanghis.. shut up and get lost 😏
Yes misguided by Quran
Who is this Shirish Kunder? One of the owners of the Islamic Express?
Ndtv read from cnbc tv 18...make sure do not change the rules of the game ...Ndtv should learn from cnbc tv 18
Aqeel Ahmad sir go to Google search for the ranks of judiciary. By the way all know about Kasab case and Kulbhushan case. Pakistan in an hidden court, in silence,in few time given death penalty to him but we had taken many years, that too.. in open and also we had given Pakistani media to cover it that's a different thing that your government rejected to admit him as Pakistani. That's the difference between our judiciary. Pakistan also didn't given consular access to us. You know consular access is the basic part to international judiciary. Now say which country has better judiciary. Only one country believed in Pakistani Judiciary and that is Pakistan itself. Your own PM was not happy with the decision of your army court. Your one minister admitted that there are not enough evidence against Kulbhushan Jadhav, despite of that you gave him death penalty. Hahhahhhaa😂😂😂 little kids. Nagging everywhere and always. Grow and have some knowledge about world politics.
A jihadi can never be human being. He is a cruel animals having 2 legs
Look how the pimp of RSS is speaks.
This practice is going on for decades, if not centuries. It is high time that such prayers from Mosque or temples are all allowed only in generally accepted waking hours- not when majority are sleeping.
This is ridiculous
How idiotic nd foolish this man is,he is surrounded by music songs nd every noisy things from his childhood now he is lecturing abt noise.....
Yes
Pakistan is keep continuing to expose randion ugly face of terrorism by catching one another on one another terrorist who are admiting all the facts that randion raw is involved in all the terrorism is happening in Pakistan. so now Pakistan would lovvvvvveeeee to play its card as well to show what Pak is capable of. like soviet union Pakistan had broken in the history than who is ranida i mean. just disgusting country who is not even a enemy with dignity.. Pak would crush its show off power in the region.
Pakistan is trying to establish that they got killed by fire.....such casualties take place in cross border fire.....to mutilate a body u need to have dat body in ur custody.....if Pakistan army crossed the LoC which u hav fenced all along and mutilated the bodies and came back then plz tell ur army to start wearing bangles as part of thier uniform.....and if they were inside Pakistani territory then surely they were at wrong place .....😉😉😉
He was a loser like khujli who after cheating for his scholarship indulged in all kinds of  red and green type of nonsense and chose the way out after realizing that he could not cope.
Anna is the biggest traitor who has harmed the common people of India- the most! A big let down!!
Those dogs really want to listen and not interrupt then he will speak.  What is the point taking to barking dogs where their brain has been infected with some virus.
UN warranted comment from a public figure.....
Stupid lady. Wonder who told her puppies need only one hour a day. Clearly she is disconnected from reality. And if the question is really about choices, her qualifying statement about her baby not being a puppy is uncalled for. She shld hv just said i am a homemaker because i choose to be one. Period.
I am not even indian, but by his(Sonu nigam) logic you should stop every noise that came from religius worship places. . . .  Isn't it?
And they said women in India haven't given right to wear anything they want...  All we wanna say...at least wear something...
Innocent face n white tilak outside, Heinous character n black money inside :D huh
This is modhi's planed to reduced bank NPA not a black money
Tell me about Muhammmad....go seach about true face of your islam....MC
Where is that illegitimate kid o communists, congressis, presstitutes andf john dayal Mizz Gurmeher who till date don't know whether her father died in Kargil or in encounter with terrorist to meet these people and convince and console???  :/
anybody from pak now in India, arrest them even the foreign affains rep from that fucking place
Atrocities
There shud b a dislike button in fb. . If she has servants for every work, she cant speak anything. If she is at home by her choice so are others who r going to jobs nd stil managing fine. .only homemakers care about their kids is a worse myth the society is having. And working mothers do not care about their kids nd leave them as ""puppies"" is the worst myth. Think before u say madam!!
Thank god, India's fate  is not in the hsnds of communists. West Bengal still a backward state, while Kerala still worse. But keralites are clever, they vote for communists and fly to foreign countries for earnings
HyDer Khoso  Really? Why don't you read this.  The Hamoodur Rahman Commission set up by the Pakistani government following the war noted various atrocities committed by the Pakistani military, including widespread arson and killings in the countryside, killing of intellectuals and professionals, killing of Bengali military officers and soldiers on the pretence of mutiny, killing Bengali civilian officials, businessmen and industrialists, raping numerous Bengali women as a deliberate act of revenge, retaliation and torture, deliberate killing of members of the Bengali Hindu minority and the creation of mass graves.[200] The Hamoodur Rahman Commission wrote, ""indiscriminate killing and looting could only serve the cause of the enemies of Pakistan. In the harshness, we lost the support of the silent majority of the people of East Pakistan.... The Comilla Cantonment massacre (on 27th/28th of March, 1971) under the orders of CO 53 Field Regiment, Lt. Gen. Yakub Malik, in which 17 Bengali Officers and 915 men were just slain by a flick of one Officer's fingers should suffice as an example"". Several former West Pakistani Army officers who served in Bangladesh during the 1971 war have admitted to large-scale atrocities by their forces.
You are wrong dear Indian express .......army morale all time high under Modi. ...
So we should have the right to recall law to teach lesson to such people.
Honestly, never irritated by azaan! But Ramayans that go on for days ..or normal pujas of hours put on loud speakers, or just wedding DJs are what I find disturbing. Anything for a short time, that too at a time we are obviously supposed to wake up doesn't bother me. Loud speakers, if banned, should be banned for once and all for every single event and religious ceremony! Also this etlection propaganda in Delhi these days, is very disturbing, ban that too.
No such report from Shiela Dixit ,naturally ! The report must be from the useful idiot !
jio is worst...getting 2g speed...and too much fluctuations.My 2k got wasted in JioFi.
First good news which feels like I am in good society......These criminal should not only be beaten............They should also be executed......As they are doing RAJNITI on some one got killed ......... Stupid says he was a OBC.....They don't know that Hindu is Hindu......................  Stop playing on some one death.....
He has lost his mental balance..need to admit him in mental asylum !!
keep going . U will get many more idiots like this
Poor people are dying n other side people's are wasting litres of milk on posters...It's realy disgusting..
We are forced to listen to your music in public places Can u stop singing ?
Sirish Bundar is very intelligent .. no wonder SRK had to slap some sense into him
Needs another one tight slap.. SRK anyone?
Worst ever FM.
This type of frustrated statement can be given by a person who has failed allover
How u r a muslim.shamd on u pig being a  muslim u have such mind
Islam never said in Quran shout on loudspeaker...  Yes every excessive use of loudspeaker should b ban...  U visit malwani in Mumbai n okhla delhi during Friday...  U will hardly find noise in okhla kutba shouting...  But in Mumbai malwani they shout for prayer call every day one after another on masjid speakers n kutba is like as if American r just about drop bomb n molvis giving his last speech before    raging war against America... Why it's so ? in Muslim area they don't use Mike as they use in mix locality...
& What about 2002 Gujarat State terrorism ???? Which one is the best example of #Bhagwa terrorism.
I don't know mr. Nigam... But I'm laughing at you as loud as possible because u r still kid.... Hahahhahahahh
The same what is Indian Government doing ! 😞 What else can I expect from both these government 😞 Hatred is increasing day by day, and after all its benefitting both government and sick parties.😞
Garima Dubey  You are right. Such a silly girl thou.
Both hindus and muslims need to ignore and isolate people of both religion or any other religion who create hatred on religious grounds
Sonu g u r unconsciously advocating the creation of separate colonies for different religions as azan disturbs u  so does bagan from temples may disturb others and.............. what will happen to secularism
All have gone crazy about rexit.But please remember 3r wasn't going to be the rbi Guv. forever.One  DAY he had to go.The institution existed,exists and will continue to exist  Rajan or no Rajan.
This shows he doesn't have much movies in his hands. At least something is required to be in a limelight even if one has to use cheap tactics..!!!
Good...more Muslims around the world should emulate the majority of Muslims in India.... throw away your love for terrorism + violence and show more love towards himanity like the Indian Muslims
This person is jocker. Whatever says is always wrong. Please dont entertain such people, it is just unfortunate such white incompetant elephants decides future of India.
ISIS is a terrorist organization for sure . I respect this man for his bravery and this would be a lesson for those brain less people who join ISIS without knowing what Islam says about violence. Quran says , Killing one Innocent is as though as you killed the whole humanity and ISIS kill number of innocent people everyday and this proves they are not real Muslims.  Second , I have heard from many non muslims saying Muslims are supposed to kill Non muslims where ever they find them though this is a mis understanding which I want to clear here; A verse in Quran was revealed during a war at the time of Prophet Mohammad in which the Muslims were ordered to kill the enemies but do not make any harm to children's and women who could possibly be there for some reason ' It is also mentioned at several places not to initiate a war before they start harming you Plus this verse was revealed only for that particular period of time . There is no verse in Quran which restricts a Muslim to be friend of non muslims or kill any person who is not a muslim. These are all rumors and mis understanding which makes some people sick and they start playing hatred games.  Someone has rightly said; Little knowledge of science makes you an atheist and in-depth knowledge of science makes you a believer .   Respect each others religion and spread love .
A very very wrong decision by govt
Pls change ur style bakts u people are doing this to ur self for decades and we are bored to see this again and again
Dear Bomma, in our Indian sub-continental, we allowed a group of parasites to grow. Mr. Sushi is one of them. He is very good in English because he grown up in that way. But a man of 100% lack of integrity. Please donot expect anything good for India and its neighboring countries from him.
No value of living people, rapists, murderers 🚶 free but talk only 🐮 shame on him
yes they have to cope because what had they donated to their loveable minister like jindal saheb in coal block 2 G  sale to ambani chara to lalu saheb all our money which has to be collected thry tender has to pass it  thru subsidy  but that money they have donated to their love ones.
Pigeral : If you have problems with Muslim Azan then you must have problem with Hindu Aarti too. Both cause noise pollution.  Agniveer : There is difference.  1. How many times have you woken up at 4:30 in morning because of noise from Hindu Aarti in temples? Zero.  How many times have you woken up at 4:30 in morning because of noise from Azan in mosques? 365 times in a year (if you live within 5 km radius of a mosque).  Zero vs 365 settles everything.  Even if Aarti loudspeaker in your locality starts at 4:30 in full volume, you can simply go to the priest and he will reduce it. Just try doing it with a Moulvi in a mosque and see if you come back in single piece.  Pigeral : Huh, and what about your Ganesh Yatra, Hanuman Yatra? Don't they make noise? Stop them.  Agniveer : How many times in a year do Ganesh Chaturthi and Hanuman Jayanti come?  Pigeral : At least 10 days.  Agniveer : And how many times does Azan happen on loudspeaker in a year?  Pigeral :  Agniveer : Why silent? Let me help you. 365*5 = 1825. And then in addition, there are rallies, bike stunts, processions etc on Prophet's B'Day, Eid and Muharram etc.  So it is 10 vs 1825+. Are 10 and 1825 same?  Pigeral : Wrong is wrong. There is no bigger or smaller wrong.  Agniveer : Ok then, your 34/36/38 waist size is also wrong. Come to shape before commenting on our concerns on Azan.  Pigeral : How can you compare my personal fitness issue with an issue of 20% minorities?  Agniveer : Same way as you compared 10 with 1825+.  Pigeral :  Agniveer : Why silent?  Pigeral : Look, you can't interfere in others' religion. India is multicultural society. Every religion has equal rights.  Agniveer : Equal rights? Do we have equal rights? A Muslim can marry 4 women at a time and divorce them at will. A Hindu is jailed for doing same. Where are equal rights? And where are equal rights for Muslim women? You just need equal rights of noise. And you don't care about plight of 10 crore Muslim women?  Look, equal rights come with equal responsibilities. You follow equal laws, you will get equal rights. You act as some special hero, your a$$ will be kicked.  And finally, there is another solid difference. There is strong correlation between density of Azan and terror. Find out the places on earth where  1. Azan is maximum (lets call it Place 1) 2. Aarti is maximum (lets call it Place 2)  Then find out how many world's top terrorists/terror organisations do Place 1 group and Place 2 group produce.  That is the ultimate litmus test on which noise is dangerous and which is harmless.  Pigeral :  Agniveer : Why silent?  Pigeral : Who are you man?  Agniveer : A proud Hindu. A proud idol worshipper. A proud Jihadi-hater. A proud Indian. Agniveer is the name.   ~ Vashi Sharma Agniveer Copied
You and your wife could be the perfect brand ambassadors for a sex change clinic btw.
Lata madam don't search for losers in the game rather search for winners in the game and that called REFORMS
So much cash even after demonitisation...he must have received his salary in cash from army...45 rifles....has links with some naxalite group...or it will be proved as craze to have 45 rifles
I thought this bast... rd has already converted.  Why is he still maintaining his name
Communists vermin were behind Partition of India, https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lfbUE5tp0zE
In my opinion, barkha dutt seems to be the biggest anti national ... beacause these type of people get sympathy by the help of media ... and she also belongs to media ... and barkha dutt type people do such things in the veil of such corrupt politicians ... and save the terrorists by saying that terrorism doesn't belong to any religion ...
very very wrong this stupid survey
Ideally all temples gurudwara church mosque must stop use of loud speakers. ...sometimes old people and small kids get disturbed by these loud noise......even ratri jagran with high noise must be stopped
Next time we don't want this idiots in opposition also
Again he is lying, when Gurmehar already clarified that she didn't opt her father's martyrdom for this protest.
Asif Khan, R u born controversial or madrasa made controversial ?
Tamil nadu fate with Sasikala mafia.
She has a crude attitude but she is also a carnivorous .
Riya begum before opening your mouth about 2002 roits why you forget burning of Godhara train by your chuslim brothers. Anyway I'm proud of 2002 and should be repeated wherever hindus are tortured or killed.
we  want just revenge.....thats all....an eye for an eye....may be more eye..... according to sharia.
When kerala police themselves indulge in moral policing will these shiv sena goondas lag behind? All govts irrespective of political color r ineffective in curbing sexual crimes.
So you mean Pakistan conducted a surgical strike across the LOC?
At the same time not against polticaly corrupt and black money holders.fake people fake slogans.
Mr.Pawar- Pakistan is terrorist but India ?? What they have continuing violated humanity's, killed innocent people's.Still you telling the world that India is civilized .But I have liked Mohatma Gandi, Shammi Bibakannoda & their activities.As because they were prominent for their humanity. But not respect Modi.
Krk when born he mistakenly drop by doctor and he hit the deck by head side ...that's why he is abnormal ...so ignore this poor Krk...he even don't know why he is born ...!
His tweet actually makes sense , ispe bjp ko support kar ke Kya milega tujhe
The increase in ST reservations is absolutely ediotic. Its more than the population proportion of STs.
As usual ..butthhurt randians will see start crying
Bjp poorimakkal are muderers
Only way sacrificed soldiers  sole can RIP is by taking stringent action on shameless Pak!
Bjp increased its tally by 161 percent! Also bjp won 82 vs84 ! For that it may be a MASSIVE win for IE! And how about other municipalities mr.IE? All its editors to staff are always biased towards Modi and bjp! Thats why its popuarity has dipped after 1992!
Sonu nigam...this precious azaan has came to us after lot of sacrifices of our Beloved Prophet(Peace be upon him) and his Followers (may God please with them) so kindly don't think negatively it is better for u..no one can stop Islam coz its a religion given by God through our Beloved Prophet (PBUH).
Come kashmir  i will teach you a real  lesson  you coward
Airtel is the worst. Fed up of complaining for call drops , net work issues , Internet issues etc. They are all full lies.They say the technical team had surveyed & found ok . But nobody had turned up. Lot of complaints has been registered in the past 6 months. Now they have come up with the solution when you call they say complaint has been registered they do not know when the issue will be sorted out. Only thing they are very prompt is to have a recorded message as reminder for delayed payment or call thousand of times or cut the service immediately . In this they are superb.
Wastage. Video me itna kuch kha but koi fark ni. Kejriwal ko kha ya ni AAP ka kya hoga ye sb me lge hai. Deshbhakt bnte firte hai ye log. Sharam ani chaiye tum jaise logo ko
Idiots are still playing caste politics.
It is true that Azaan on loudspeakers disturbs people but why do you dont you complain against the Bhajan?
There should be no debate,put ban on loudspeakers,irrespective of religion issue,noise is noise,may it be a mandir or gurudwara or anything,dont make it a religious issue,but should find a solution for the problem thinking above all religions.........
For betterment of India you join politics and become honest leader and then bark.
try to respect all religions mr nigam
Why? Which country allows to speak against nation? These left and Congress breeded  rascals are sleeper cells of terrorists.
One word for you NDTV , you guys are morons
Extremely worse
He will definitely think..he is been abused by pm..what kind of affection he has for associating himself with dogs and puppies
hope the shame less Nautanki lal resigns and leaves Delhi for Varanasi.
Shame bjp politics
Sonu nigam banning of loud speakers can damage ur life cuz u singers can't sing without Mike and nobody hears your voice without speakers this how u earn money from concerts. K I agree with u banning of loudspeakers this Wt we also wanted no music no sound..
Pleases don't choose this kind of MP,
Condemn mutilation but What were they doing in Pak territory? Surgical strike? Provide them washrooms in unit..
When the matter is with PM he changes   all the rules.
Ajay Thomas BJP already have got footstep in kerala.....and its not because of RSS or hindutva......but because of hypocrisy and pseudo secularism of minorities and venomous tongue of self-proclaimed seculars  Few years back...BJP didn't even had a panchayat member....now they have municipality , MLA , panchayats and even 2nd position in TVM corporation under them.....and they won all that election because of pseudo secular dogs of kerala
The lady doesn't deserve police uniform ?  Who are you to decide that ??  She has cleared the  civil services .. the most competent exam in India .. she was fit enough in the required criteria.. and was appointed by the president of the country..  Get some brain and talk sense ... !!
The whole system has rotten, right from the parents to the government to the dipartments concerned and teachers as well are responsible for this
Quota or no quota, atleast he holds a genuine degree...not a fake degree holder like PM and Irani... So lets not go down the degree lane... U vl b shamed
Must be beaten including you  Indian Express should be dragged from house and roded
Yes. Bjp will say we need red beacon and security. Can't live without it. Power is addictive
He should first be thrown behind bars and thereafter he should be barred from boarding any airlines
Anamika Dudvaani yeh you might be a working women ,and you do have a identity. The world knows you . The topic is about you. You achieved a lot. Pathetic wanna be. Identity is a cover only.exactly most of the young women work to enjoy life ,like they have seen boy doing.real reason is money ,sexual pleasure,drinking .
Pakistan is a like a evil and cancer for south Asia region and entire world  and civilized community. The new generation of Pakistan don't want to become DM, SP, DOCTOR, SCIENTIST OR GOOD AND PROGRESSIVE CITIZEN.their aim is only to become terrorist ie jihadi. For peace and goodness of region and humanity the only solution is the abolition of Pakistan from the map of the world. So the international community should now  come together and eliminate  the Pakistan  (the blackmark for humanity)  for ever. Idian army is known as one of the best army in the world and blady pakiatani will get the proper reply what they actually deserve.
how greedy the corporates are Voda evaded the tax by doing off shore transaction , why shd they not pay the tax on a transaction they have made billions .
Once a surrendered brain always a surrendered brain
Sir , fact is that secular dynamics of this country is fast changing  & present setup is set to disintegrate this country.
Even his stage programmes might have disturbed many human beings.....
Pakistan have no news page , so all doggy pakistanis are barking here .
Send this guy along with Justice Karnan for a mental check up. Ullu.
I support Sonu Nigam  there is much appeasement of Muslims in India
Yes u idiot. Kash teri films v itni hi logical hoti.
Now we will see what seculars *cough*Muslim cock suckers*cough* have to say
social status of muslims is lower than other communities because of your stupid Muslim Personal law board which you dumb nuts follow blindly for fake shariyat.. reform that body by bringing educated intellectual people from community with modern views and then see how muslims progress in india in terms of literacy rate.. representation in working class and women empowerment.  at a time when we should be moving away from caste based and specially religion based reservations.. stupid vote bank politics is taking over.. overshadowing reformist views.  this is how it all starts.. eating the cheesy cake for being minority and putting up victimized face due to system apathy and then when gain numbers enough.. start enforcing your own medieval laws and harassing of majority community. specially with this sort of crazy attitude which you show.
Hlo sir im a hindu girl but i thinks ur thought is very wrong because according to law azaan is not nuisance
Rohan Garg is a fake profile. He is no garg
he is no.1 idiot in d list of many idiots...
Thomas Kuruvilla Baven and filthy  convert like you spreading love....lol......  Remember...one day....people like you will cry....we will make you cry...for your hypocrisy and pseudo secularism......
Nuts
Why dont we indian remove people like you to keep Country Safe .
Underworld COWARD Dawood  bache ya mare Hume kya , agar India aaya to jarur marega ye Coward PIG
#pakistanichutiya. No matter how much in denial you know you will not get Kashmir. But we will surely make Baluchistan and NWFP and Sindh independent.
I m Muslim, as a Muslim I don't hv any objection with the bajan on your temple because it's a religious thing I didn't want to interfere on that, but y you??? Even though Azaan if only for 2 to 3 minutes only and in my state the bajan starts from 5am to onwards may be some times the whole day, you are a great personality I request you don't try to divide the communities or don't create panic between us...
saar , U haven't noticed farmers drinking URINE.... during protest..
India is not Canada ,that's free n developed society ,if u live like them ,soldiers of culture will kill u
You mean prophet Mohammad.. who raped 9 yrs old ayesha.. ~? :p
He has lost his leadership in States...better to concentrate on that!!
He is no more Gandhian he is just a RSS agent who helped bjp to grab power
It's agonising that fake news is being spread like a forest fire now a days
ohh shut up, wealthy people converted their money anyway. 99% black money got converted into white bcz of BJP's stupid ideas.
dictator is your gay gangsters saffron government who wear khaki panty
Lalu also speaking on ethics and integrity....such a shame Lalu...amoeba by nature criticizing the PM...
8 years bull run finish   Its time bear market  is possible sonia?
This match is fixed.
Since 2014 every day only one community is being bashed that is Islam and you saying Hindus are being targeted ?
He just wants some attention guys.
Only dirty politics...& politicians make a big issue...
Better was firing squad
Killing in the name of azaadi is naxalism .Done by card carrying communist party goon started by charu majumdar and kanu sanayal.Latter commited suicide like vermulla cause he cannot bear the gilt of being a failed mass murderer revolutionary.
These people should be socially boycotted. Even chairman of their association is thief. In fact they r dacaoits
The headlines ""he won the trust votes"" should be reworded as "" he has bought the votes""  Now, we face the hard truth that money and power wins, what else can u expect from a corrupted group ?
Alot of anti Semitic on this post i see,Gods blessing upon Isreal and hell with everyone else
What about your well paid jagrata nights ? Many more can be counted under your same forced logic from Bollywood.
I FEEL SAD FOR KEJRIWAL, BECAUSE NO ONE IS UNDERSTANDING THAT HE GOT A MENTAL ILLNESS AND HE NEEDS TREATMENT. HE NEED TO SEE A PSYCHIATRIST. ITS SERIOUS.
Stop all loudspeaker propagating religion in odd times
Dasgupta, please stay out of Kerala politics. Keralites know what's best for them.
#Pakistan's Burnol moment
Lakhs of users have already done Mobile Number Portability when moving to Jio: Mukesh Ambani
country is made to bear cost of PMs election bhashans, prachar
And leftist presstitutes are happy as the child is IMRAN'S TAHIR'S son.
This man should be kicked out of aap. I said this long ago.. Bjp in aap
Pak leaders and defence  forces have grown up drinking donkey milk not their mo----er .Their genetic component is to deny and tell lies. High time India puts them in their place .
Chara chor spotted
U SP people has ruined the UP no law and order. Go to any other state u will see the difference.
She will also suffer thu shame on her y u people are making shame to everybody
Only Kejriwal and his anarchist followers can indulge in such shameful activities.
Why India Should #ScrapIndusWatersTreaty Indus Water Treaty Is Illegal The case of the 1960 Indus waters treaty, it has been signed by then Prime Minister Jawaharlal Nehru and “nowhere it is declared that the said agreement/treaty has been signed in the name of the President of India”,  “According to the ministry of external affairs documents, nowhere disclosed agreement has been signed by the Jawaharlal Nehru for the President of India...,”   “According to the impugned agreement 80% water goes to Pakistan which is a serious injury to the fundamental right of the citizens of India coupled with further financial and natural injuries to national interest.”  If We Indians Keep Quit Today Our Future Generations Will Blame Us And Never Going To Forgive Us  India Need Be Like China Fast And Furious And Must Have Ability To Say On Face. China Claim South China Sea  China Made And Develop 7 Artificial Man Made Islands On The South China Sea So Quickly  Then Why Can't India Stop Water From Our Own States And Union Territories Of India We Need To Build More Dam On Indus River And Must Have Iccha-Shakti To Say Only One Sentence To World Bank F*ck Off  India Is Scraping Indus Waters Treaty  If China Can Do For Their Mother Land  Then Why Not India (If India Cannot Do) Then Their Is Some Serious Problem In Our Indian Government System With Our Political Partys And Also With Our Useless Politician. Who Just Know To Bark But Cannot Take Action.  http://siteresources.worldbank.org/INTSOUTHASIA/Resources/223497-1105737253588/IndusWatersTreaty1960.pdf
Get well soon. Sonu
Dear, Indians r really idiot Boz they c death of jawans  But still Muslims r living in India Really, Muslims should b sent back to their country Pakistan.
Now those mullas barking on TV as spokesmen will not going to open their mouth because their mouth have been lock by sharia law .No Muslim will come forwards to assist this ladies . Feel sorry for her even my heart cried .I hope if I can assist her .
Not a big deal... being glamorous doesn't pay..burning your sweat day in and day out making something worthwhile and bringing fame to your nation at international podium is indeed praiseworthy! And not by shaking your legs and showing how sexy you can be!
No one should be put in such a situation!Where is the humanity ???😡😢
Very shame on you viratkohil
Sonu nigam when u do concerts and do stage shows then also u use loud speskers and mikes....that isn't noise pollution for you...U have hell lot of money make ur house sound proof...dnt commment on anyones religion wheather its muslims , hindus ,Sikhs or Christians...from now I will bycot ur songs and ur concerts...
Oye porky we know who you really are. You dirty porkistani hiding behind the fake ID
He is the Dog of BJP
They will put the blame on Kashmiri terrorists.  But Pakistan is responsible and should be punished.
Indian express became bakwas express. ..
nikhil bhai u r mentally sick ....get well soon
Are you sure you are a Muslim or you are just fooling people with your false name. But if you really are you are undoubtedly a 'munafiq'. And may you rot in hell.
It took years to understand this basic point... Airtel is a reactive company rather than being Innovative......
BJP uses AH against AAP but never endorses AH prescribed Lok Adalat. Clear case of selective propaganda against AAP
All IT companies bubble will soon burst. They all are liars and conceive information
Bro u cannot relate radical with Islam, he should have said that he will clean all the terrorists from the world, then that would be better speech and acceptable to every one.
You are targeting Yogi with cheap third rate person why don't you give some time to prove himself You are not a news paper you have hidden agenda and an axe to grind
They not gonna do that...blood in their eyes now
Perpetual liars. Kasab was not a Pakistani. So many of them.
Narendra Das have you been to Kerala. pls go and find out for yourself then you will know that strange creatures and stray dogs are in Bhubaneshwar. Kerala people are far more educated then from your place. you people are still very backward
Satarupa Pal you stupid I am not. In fact you copper chamchma of Modi and therefore you are not able to the constructive criticism.
WAt a racist. No worries dude. Ppl like you will cease to exist naturally. Hahaha
Bengalis are half muslims, maybe mamta effect or Bangladeshi affect,  they marry their daughters to kashmiri muslims who do shawl business in kolkotta, I have seen lot of Bengali ladies in muslim homes at kmr
Feku Modi can only loot India & bluff everyone with lies & fake promises.
He is 9th powerful man in the world dont forget it everyone
Dogs r more loyal than  u Azam ..u r worst creature n u belongs to the same who r destined to lead a life in the DESERT mistakenly u pple  r here in India total mismatch ...India tried hard to domesticate u pple  but failed coz of u pples  upbringing (NOMAD).
religious of fools
True this hazard wakes only when bjp is going for elections
Kashmiris can't tolerate Hindus living in valley, they threw 5 lakhs hindus from valley in 1990s And I am surprised that there is a temple in Kashmir with loudspeaker ?
It's Indian muslims who support ISIS. Just like everywhere on the earth, terrorists are muslims. india is suffering from these pests since independence.
Waqas Ahmad please die man asap..bcoz ppl lyk u from the worst failure country in the world still criticizing others hv no right to stay alive..
Indian army is Yes boss army..they are not allowed to use their brains..
Because you are so well fitted in your white sanghi avtar.anyway aap is piece of shitt  too
Sick mentality
Cheating
You have nothing to worry about from these stupid mullahs, India is with you...pl continue with your singing...it's God's gift to you....
When has jhutistan ever confessed to its animal instinct n butchery ? Beheading has been going on for many yrs now .Pak has ensured it's death soon .
Well you are still a dumb....
Yes India is proved it is ruled by swamies and not the ones who should.
Lalu ji Namo Namo is ours People's Pm nd u r  not People's CM.
ANNA IS AGENT OF BJP SO HOW CAN HE HAVE JOINED AAP.  DONT MAKE PEOPLE FOOL, U DRAMEBAAZ
Just proves that this Baba is NOT a Godman but just a snake oil salesman, a  charlatan, looking for bloody revenge
In the face bhakts who call muslims as terrorists. This is called patriotism. You people should learn from this father.
Fake news
Dont expect Our government is only having 56 inch seena limited to election campaign. Worst Government when it comes to soldiers security
court never take interest  in right decision
Raisha actually shahid will never let her work, as he is way too a typical man. So she has to present this is in a more respectable way so this statement has come out.
Since communists love purges, I guess its time to purge all communists from India, drag these scums out and give them a taste of their own medicine, No theory has failed as many times in history of this world as Communism did, And still watch morons apologising fr it.
Its the same world wide fight from nation to nation, all caused by islamic hate.
Morons running the country n passing tuglaki rules
Wouldn't surprise me one bit if he ransacked his own home both for political mileage as well as insurance money.
Dirty bjp politics....addicted to fake fame.......idiots... Then have introduced a new post of...personal camer man..😏😏😏😏😏😏😏
More hatred more crime if usa is not vacated by foreigners
Back to Gunda Raj
Now I understood why srk slapped him
This is the well known face of islam...and they also very expert in playing victim card
he is lost his popularity very beginning now he want to recover it so that is the most possible way to become a popular in india to say something against muslim community.
Pee drinker talk when you sober, your soldiers apply holidays when war times comes. rapist nation
NATIONALIST ARE KILLING PEOPLE FOR COW AND LIVING HAPPILY. IT IS HIGH TIME TO GIVE PROPER REPLY TO THOSE SANGHIS
If you think  the Romeos are  only Muslim, then they should be checked. Otherwise it is for all. Why a negative approach. Why the girls are harrassed? On one hand, if one's sister is harrassed, the brother may take extream measures, but doesn't mind harrassing other's sisters.
It shows that relugion is not behind terrorism in india it is unemployment. In our culture after death we forgive all his deeds My request to take his body and do last rites accordin to our rrlogion.
Hats off Ms.Kangana. I would like to say to Mr.Karan, that it was your show, you should have given your answers that time only, not afterwards, like a coward. You should have the guts that time only.
Hahaha,presstitute
Useless look your audience and what event you doing here. Stupid idea
but pakistan is governed by army  ? .....ruled by china
best place to live is where u born ots best and known one can do anything and they went for money and money can earn anywhere but not life.......jai hind and why will America stop hate crime their its common so many black have been killed daily you guys see everyday in news and tv best thing is come to india and develop here dont lose more life there...
It is naked truth that all the terror attacks connected with Muslims who were follower of Islam. Islam is great religion but few stupid people are killing innocent people in name of jihad & most of Muslims giving them silent support by keeping silence on their inhuman acts. I just want to convey to our Muslim bhai to start protest agst these devils of humanity who are tarnishing name of our great religion Islam otherwise one day world will be devided as Islam vs other religions which will be not good for humanity. Please help to make this world better place to live & understand the purpose of my comments without prejudice.
When will the design of Bajaj Auto change...still the same for time ...and its not classic. Unsafe, dangerous
U se bhojpori natak how is ur government work and kind of information Delhi police work in ur government not in Delhi government see the difference between  if people feces problem ur quite now his own life have problems with your government
They are both pretty what is fkin wrong with you guys
Yeah right.. when you bomb people country leaving them homeless, you are indeed doing a favour!! By the way.. it shows how much history you and I know !! The only problem with Muslims is they don't break when oppression falls upon them.. they fight back.. yeah that's a problem! Be oppressed, Muslims are the opposite in Palestine, Kashmir.. everywhere!
Saudiya for sure.
Can the Internet Facebook twitter All other block this moron cry baby just barking like a mad dog get him admitted to psycho hospital
china & japan must be scoffing at american knowledge .
@Azam khan Dog spotted 😀
In India all the brutality by police forces is on a genuine protesters only... Only difference is that media and political leaders camouflage as something wrong by the protesters.
Navratri Ganesh Pooja and other festivals are occasions  We are not made to hear other religious belief  Why should we
She is playing all cards even at the cost of bringing destability.
Morgage India.....!
Lol... These clowns are paid agents just working to spill nonsense and garbage here. Not surprised why they don't respond when good questions are asked. They hardly understand English anywayz! Still it's some employment like these gau-wadis are doing at the behest of upholding a religion!! Never mind!! Ppl get what they voted for! Jus don't come over in Kerala! Cuz we vote for keralites and true keralites like the cow, on their plates, well done!! Lol.
Good kill all terrorist
I heard from somewhere... if a big player needs loan..of somewhere 100cr..they pass the file to new PO.. irony he does not have experienced .. pressure from manager to sign the file..made him to do it..if any questuions arises..put the blame on that officer..who might known... what he had done..story from a well knwon place..u believe it or not..this is how small players..loot banking system..
The continuous hate and murder in Kerala by Red Brigade don't have to teach secularism to nation .
And because of u people there is a boundary created between two religion avoid it and proceed ......
I hate sonu nigam
Such a uneducated and serious les Ministers, they want to follow saudi laws blindly
Right buddy but who will tell these ill minded people who is always discriminating on the religion base and always trying to show low to others religion even i am a hindu but if anyone dares to speak a single cuss about other religion i can't tolerate..... hope so people respect each others religion.
Cow slaughter is illegal so wrong doers should be terrorized
Now it is higer & higher time , at any cost do attack on pakistan, there is no onther way to peace in india
Sonu you being public figure you have only right to say certain thing such as water waste on holi, noise & air pollution on Dewali, being advocate of animals on jalikattu.etc etc...how can you say something like this about other faiths...you sound very illogical and not knowledgeable in other faith...
Give true news.. do not misleading people... You are master of misleading peoples.
Absolutely pathetic piece of journalism from Indian express. This guy just made such an inspiring speech but all this news agency saw was criticism of AK. Highly disappointed!!!
Anna fooled the country, kejriwal befooled Anna. Kejjriwal believes in modern technology, Use and Throw.
Bjp puppet, all drama & lies, idiot oldman trying to cheat people, but we know your ugly face..,
Lalu means no.1 foolish , u have also done road show etc when u r in power , u foolish chara chor stop Ur politics.
All muslims in India are realy threat for India.. please sent or migrate  them to pakistan if they have problem to live in Hindustan.. #allmuslimareterrorists
This is a completely NON ISLAMIC act of Pakistan it is HARAAM and against SHARIAH ,, whoever did this is not a real Musalman
For those who still brainwashed to think that terrorism has religion...........Which terror organisation did max no of terrorist attacks in the world ???? It's ULFA they r Hindus not Muslims.  They did 749 conformed terrorist attacks .which terror organisation did maximum no of killings in the world ??? It's LTTE they killed more than 60000 innocents ( 3 times than Isis) . LRA Christian terrorist organisation killed more innocents than Alkhyda . Have ever seen it in western media . It's a western media propaganda to portray all terrorist as Muslim . In reality there r dormant nonmuslim terror organisation across the world like IRA ETA Antimatter Bala Maoists KKK The raising path etc..
It's commie stooge paper.. what to expect?
Once or twice or thrice a month or even a  year is bearable hence ok. But to wake up every single day of your life by the noise blaring out of loudspeakers is sure to piss off anybody.
Ajamkhan should be told to go to hell along with Akhilesh and Mayawati and every thing better will happen to India irrespective of cast and creed.
ISI approved bjp IT cell agent
My request to all Indian political leaders, Stop affection to minority politics. If you have a talent & good intention to serve public you will win. Nobody stop you.
OOOOHHH... WONDERFUL >>>>  1 SILVER MEDAL = 13 CRORE OR MORE......
I know u bleedy cow Adv Arnab Dutta . U will see in future who will rule in cricket India has down in t2o after pak pakistan is progressing .u will see in first round India will be out as Indian players scare with bouncy ground.
Kejriwal is only hope in politics.annahara baseless
dramebaaz
This type of people responsible for gulami of India  All English all muslim recruited native in their army and won battle and ruled India and kept people poor
Even if didn't create fuss m sure y guys will
Tum Jaisey chutiya or RSS minded logo ka kaam nahi hai AAP main.....Sala khud bada desh drohi hai........front sey bhaga hua Sainik hai..
Wat the hell is this... Dnt use abusive language to him... Shame on u people
Bhakt's never accepts truth !! They are blind Cow's dumb eater and Urine drinker's
Stop it bajaj, show the bike for the sake of humanity
Gone out of  mind
I too was happy when the rioter and plotter of 2002 riots were awarded by then govt in gujarat
Get lost man only he can do tat
lallo whats a name means foolish man who is corrupted who had done scamp and his childrens who r not capable to earn 5000rup they r minister strange
Sonia should be Nominated for MAHA BHRASHT LEADER OF THE WORLD
Brother you are Muslim and We Pakistani are Muslims. Get unite brother. These Hindus are not to be trusted they can never be  friends of Muslims!!! They are ally's of Israel and they are playing the policy of divide n destroy. There target is not Pakistan,Afghanistan,Saudi Arabia....   there target is Muslim Ummah.
Secularism is India means Muslim appeasement nothing else...
Fake ....its nothing like this......no one is killed even 3 indian posts were destroyed .........my bro is on LOC ....he is brave and always busy in killing bloody indians .......
Totally a stupid Blunt media is this Indian express
This comment section made me really really happy. People actually know Anna now. He is just a puppet of BJP. He is jealous of AK and tried to harm him in every way whenever possible. It's the 'sanskar' of AK that he hasn't talked bad about Anna till now.
Mohd Ayub Gazi teach these 2 lines to your madrasa boys, who pick up guns to wage jihad against India. Teach these lines to kashmiris who stand in que for free Indian rice & relief cheques. Vinash is infront of kashmiris. Just enjoy it
Azam...hazam you porkistanis keep ur gutter mouth shut
How about Massive Defeat for Cong -NCP alliance  ??
And if father burst out in trauma beats the Docs than these Docs will go on strike .... they can kill people due to their negligence but people can't even slap them for their criminal negligence .... Govt is responsible for this killing for not bringing strict laws against Medical fraternity
Anna is sounding like an opportunist. At least Arvind has stuck to what he started and has created a government and trying to do something constructive.
Kejriwal drama Baz
Muslims are doing the job of murga daily.
Erdogan total dictator...quashing media rigged elections...abolishing civil rights...dangerous man...changing Turkey from secular democracy to theocracy...another ayatollah...
Loudspeakers should be banned.  Gods can hear u otherwise too.  The entire neighbourhood  doesn't need to hear it as well.  Be it aazaan or bhajans.
Or in a dalit gutter
you CPM congress has divided India based on religion  and made Muslism country of Indian part and kciked 10 cr Hidnus from their grand parents country of Paka nd Bangladesh.
You poor people modi and amit shah just starts the game to polarize the voters in UP elections
Today if you want publicity and media attention just abuse and threat OTHERS religion that definitely bring you media attention.
Both r ugly
Inko salo ko andr ghus k maro or rahem mt khao bc pr
Gen.RAWAT blamed that Pakistani crossed the border and RAPE not only my wife but also Rape my daughter and then safely went to Pakistan. .....
Never go on religion plz
ha ha joke of the day      ur army only can kill kashmiris
Superb
Such a stupid music.  This is not funny.  He had given a nice speech
Bhajan 's and ghante ki awaaz not destruction in temples....
The JNU is hub of anti national elements of my country.....first execute this elements Indian Army......
howcome a puppet can work for the common people party
Disappointed with Sambit for letting Khera speak non sense, he should be exposing openly. Y BJP is defendant against this corrupt parties
Coward Government failed in all the corners of security for its soldiers. Shameless guys can maximum protects cows not its dedicated soldiers.
Did u took those tests on Mars...??? Cos after using fr 6mnths d best speed i got was 2Mbps in suburbs of Mumbai...
Allah will not save you . You are destined only for jhahunnum. Buried with pigs. #proudchutiyawhodoesntunderstandhistory
dear girl you are married to SHAHID KAPOOR...their is a lot of diiference in the grooming of children brought up by a working woman.. they are ace in basic life skills from a very young age.. i started to cook when i was in 5th standard, started to sew near about the same time... and also the working moms are super Robots.. they juggle everything efficiently.. u have a choice to stay with ur baby this dosent meaan that other mothers dont love their babies and leave them and run to work.. infact i wonder how did u abandon ur career and became a full time mom.. then i realise.. ohhh her husband is Shahid Kapoor. U need to mature lady. having a baby dosent make u any wiser or older, or mature.
Look: stop cursing him! Pray for him instead. He is poor. He is suffering from down syndrome. He is in a dire need to be heard. His career graph is in nose diving mode. He is restless. He is desperately seeking attention from the ""Sangh Parivar"" to be adjusted in the Rajya Sabha and all that. He fears lest Abhijit wins the Sanghi heart before he wins.  Thank you
Everything is not Gau Rakshak but killing people in the name of cow is Gau Rakshak is all about and who told you that killing cow is illegal in constitution don't have knowledge than its better to be quiet its illegal only in the mind of people like u n supreme court has also directed such people that u cant direct people what to eat n what not to eat
Mira Rajput: An upperclass, upper-caste Delhiite who (arranged) married a guy much older (although rich) than her straight after college, never EVER having any obligation to work and earn money, or finding the need/ambition to become anything bigger than a stay-at-home mother shuns feminism and working women? SHOCKING! *yawn* if I took advice from celebrities on how to run my life, I would maybe end up like her. Thank God I know better.
Actually he wants to attract the attention of yogi nothing else.
Oh yeah? Mandir in Kashmir? Joke of the century. Have you left any mandir standing there?
sachin...not my army.I told about our boarders guard.yes you have no nuclear bomb or any modern equipment but we have a Army,not coward like u.
Corrupt and lazy people will never like Modi. He is god's gift to India. Wish him success in weeding out lethargy,corrupt practices.
Thanks for the headlines indianexpress.. this shows how you prestitutes are behind aap cz they are the only one who could question you bigtime.. this shows how u work only for trp by labelling the video as anti aap. This shows who are your masters who are protecting you. Shame on you paid media prestitute indian express
The day Gandhi's and their pillas leave politics, India will be free from curse of appeasement and bootlickers.
Stop your Nautanki as this video explains everything https://youtu.be/6Z3w97pUKh0
I don't why Indian media always want Indians always barking on us  So don't stop Indians keep barking on us
Yess...we hindus considered cow as a god. But where were your people?. Why didnt your people tried to save him or offer ambulance. Ohhhhhh i forgt they were bzy in playing triple talaq or planning to find next bombing place right?
Sir very badly  I am Indian ex-serviceman my time my unit  24 RR fuckking   pakestan post
तेरी तो यूपी में ही बजा दी गयी है
WTF is this ?? Anyone who can figure out what the hell these plans actually involve shd get bharat ratna.
He is 9th powerful man in the world dont forget it everyone
Haaaaaaaahaaaaaa. We already know Muslims are slaves, they cannot live their life with their choice, but still they are considereing their self patriotic vow I m happy, make their lives hell
Had she  not been shahid kapoor wife...she wouldnt have any identity with such mindset..
What nonsense.
We will continue to eat beef irrespective of caste and religion. RSS and BJP can eat cowdung and mind their business.
Police is slave of government.
Drama king
This is how he makes money.. vmby creating controversy and doing exactly what's wrong.
Very sad to hear these kind of words from her. You are very write to say that the time one spends with her child is most precious but you are forgetting that every working mother is trying to also spend quality time with their kids and fulfill their essential needs, which in your case is not a matter of concern.
she may be suffering from dementia and forgotten the profits of export of beef ... the entire cabinate is enjoying on other side
The question that India should put to Modi is...Who is responsible for martyrdom of 60 soldiers in last 2 months and hundreds after Uri attack...5 young jawans Martyred this week again...2 in poonch Right now...He has made India an Afghanistan for forces
Agree, she makes a ridiculous statement.  Working moms don't think their kids are puppies...
Aqsa Kashmiri# whom are u trying to convince, they are the people who even don't know how to respect a women.... Shameless
R yu in ur dreams.. yu have lost 3 wars from us lol.. even our ambani can buy ur full pakistan
Sonunigam ji AZAAN IS CALL FOR UNITY .AZAN IS CALL FOR PUIRTY .AZAN IS CALL FOR TO MEET ALMIGHTY .AZAAN IS CALL FOR BENFIT .NOT GUNDAGARDI .NOW U DOING GONDAGARDI U R NOTHING IN FRONT MY LORD AM RESPECTING U BECUASE OF MY LORD . MAN OUR CREATOR LOOKING U AM PRAYING FOR U TO NOT PUNISH U BUT REALISE U .AND WILL BE SHAME  U AND U WILL  APPOLAGISE ON SOCIAL MEDIA .NOW MY LORD WILL JUSTIY U. ALLAH IS GREAT .ALLHU AKBAR.  THIS MESSAGE WILL COME TO U INSHALLAH.
Anna fooled the nation ..An agent of BJP...
He could have made his point without mentioning a particular religion. His comment has merit but the way he expressed is too immature. I've lived nearby various religious places like Mandir, Gurudwara and Masjid. All religion pretty much do the same, Hindus do bhajans on ""LOUDSPEAKER"", Muslim do azaan on ""LOUDSPEAKER"" , Sikh do ardaas on ""LOUDSPEAKER"". It is the noise created by those LOUDSPEAKERS that causes the annoyance.
Sonu Nigam is a classic example of Hindu Privilege. I dare see a Muslim Celebrity speak of. guess only Hindus consume the toxic lead that makes it way to food via water system after Ganesha and durga idols are thrown in rivers. guess only Hindus inhale toxic smoke from Diwali fireworks. guess only Hindus get late to work when roads sometime entire cites are lock down for Hindus festivals, guess only Hindus are woken up by bells and bajan keerta in mandirs.
The communists have no voice to say anything about RSS,which always fights for country's unity.The communists always wants to show thier supremacy in dividing India and killing poor hindus..What action taken by Pinaraye against the persons connected with BJP's workers murders.
Don't discuss just take action and we need to first all mother fucker gaddar who live in India
Need to send a request to FB to unfriend #indianexpress WTF is wrong with u guys 😡😡😡
Cowerdly act heneios crime by swines of our unlawful neighbours it's high time to teach a lesson.  We trust our hero's of  national forces and the govt
Get lost we dnt wnt.......bc... where is d Satellite and where is that cheap china Pakistan road goto hell nonsense 😂😂😂😂😂😂😂
Muslims and Islamic followers are eating away Hindu's and  Hinduism followers tax money, depriving basic amenities, they breed like rabbits and rats to eat freely our economy, and then abuse our nation, without contribution, if we ask ask contribution Allah o Akbar Then nothing will be there except blood, seeing the Muslims participation in abuse, it is really pathetic of majority population
Thats why Bajaj is in such situation when other cos of his sector growing at a double digit.. dont use ur Bengali brain..
Puppet channel
http://indianexpress.com/article/india/fatwa-issued-against-reality-singing-star-nahid-afrin-by-42-clerics-4569825/  Dear Indian Express, I feel sorry to write that your journalists are out there to misinterpret events and present them in a distorted manner just to make some sensational headlines. The news about upcoming singer Nahid Afreen has been prepared without proper research and investigation. It was very sad to see that your journalists don't even know the difference between fatwa and appeal.  A fatwa is a non-binding legal opinion issued only by a qualified jurist (Mufti) on a request by someone who is unable to understand religious guidelines whereas the leaflet that is being circulated and presented as Fatwa is just a hard copy of an appeal signed by 46 men who believe in religious practices. The merit of appeal can be discussed on many grounds and in many dimensions but first and foremost, an appeal can not be called a legal opinion (Fatwa).  We expect apology from your side for such a mistake
how shamelessly Indian Express has been endorsing leftist view for years.. and called themself an unbiased media house. Shame!1
We will continue to support Afghan Talibans as they are our brothers & great allies. Without the consent of Talibans, no peace is possible in Afghanistan. So via Afghanistan, R&AW should stop spreading terrorism in Pakistan & get out from any involvement in Afghanistan.
that was a guest who got molested when they switched the lights off
Those 13 jihadis killed by MOAB is a blessing for Indians. May more such isis inspired jihadis leave India and get killed anywhere. We don't care...☺
Aliya no daubt  Mahira look like Aliyas mother
HOW many dreams are destroyed because of this fucking IIT
So big mouth 😄😄😄
So Pak Army crossed over to india, killed ur army personnel, mutilated their bodies and returned unseen.
Nothing happened like that. Your Army and media is lying.
May be militants would have mutilated bodies.Millitants often enter army camps in Kashmir.Indian army often mutilate bodies of militants after encounters in kashmir
Maro salo ko ake ake ko chun chun ke maro
Yes, the dead body of that terrorist should be thrown for the animals and birds to eat out... Make them all a lesson, whatever be their religion,  once their guilt is established by the due process of  law...
Dear Indian express jab ye video dekh rahe the to kya kaan me tel Dal rakha tha tumhari team ne, Dr Kumar vishwas has did a vailed attack on all netas of the country and he didn't favoured anyone. To ye prestitutism kyu. Daru pike reporting karte ho kya??
Pakistan is a terrorists country, doesn't believes in humanity why should not we retaliate according to
Wrong decision
should not be done.....its not human act......if such continues Pakistan will be like india for minorities......hope Pakistan govt should take care of their minorities  unlike our cow vigilante's govt who only cares for minority women but make cm who speaks to rape them taking up from grave...........
When we hire well educated people and they do not deliver what is expected from their experience and position @ no need of such decoreable job?what for we are having GM, Regional Managers,directors,MD in Banks? External Audit firms / RBI auditors? neither Indian Currency has improved against US @ Rs.68 ? nor import restricted to support Indian manufacturer's ? No control on Bank's performance after all who job is this? NPA increased? Loan paper signed by borrower not enough to recover money?  Gold imported by people having no proper documents verification and real address? Misprint of 40,000 Forty thousand Currency notes? No relief to Farmer's Loan / Student Loans in spite Govt instructions and policy? After all who is responsible? No need of Governor in RBI .. let m/o Fin sectr to take care of Banks thru MD of banks etc.
They are mourning the death of TN CM - Amma !!
It look like dis pig be taken big amount from bjp. Daily come up with new drama. Wat was he doing from last 2 years. After sack and kick from minister suddenly he realised about 2 crore land scam foreign trip etc. When he was enjoying cabinet he didn't even hasitate to use psychopath and ch*Tia in public domain to attack BJP.
56 inch chest is watching mutely & doing Kadi nenda , while jawans r dying & he is throwing few jumlas to make bhakts happy.  They don't have semblance of shame & they r gud at making politics on gow Mata etc.
Shame on India TV who make famous this mother f...ker.
We have to hang our head in shame with the so called elected representatives behavior.
Most Hindus are good people despite Modi trying to turn them in to bigots what is wrong with this has been washed up guy ???
Why should we respond to a creature of a dehumanized country Pakistan..
Navratri n ganesh speakers r only for some counting days baby....This azaans are perminent
He is talking the markets up again. Leaking policy decisions which he might never deliver, am sure someone made a killing .
He is 9th powerful man in the world dont forget it everyone
And he was hell-bent to oppose Tesla for developing AC current. Went on kill horses in public to show that AC power is dangerous..
U read kannur news papers. Ull come to know how many RSS n BJP workers killed by CPI goons each month
Agree with you Sheikh Asadullah But in India there is total non-respect  for ladies - # of rapes; brides bullied for dowry etc This must b addressed at a national level
this Brahmin always threat to every community.
In the era where it is hard to find any difference between  girl and btiches ,,here comes a real women MEERA SINGH RAJPUT  SALUTE TO YOU LADY.
Common first think congress has given rights to make black money since 60 years.. Modi is trying to get it back.. don't be foolish to support congress
this is callled the real surgical strike .   lessson for indians as they fool own people even they not know wat is surgical strike
Rubbish, this is like scavenger waiting for death of a cow.
How stupid indian express! Obviously u have not even listened to the beginning of the video! AK himself has tweeted this video!
Because navratri is does not take place daily dear 🖕🏻
Jhumla.... Jhumla.... Jhumla (no action but only sweetened words with honeyed tongue)   Waiting 4 another doubtful surgical strike just to cover up shame.   Congress took just 1 surgical strike Led to the birth of Bangladesh.   Bhartiya Jhumla party took 1 surgical strike (though highly doubtful)  Led to maiming of two precious brave soldier.
Y most of the Indians are intolerant n violent.?  It is easy to use word destruction. It is not war of swords or AK47. It Will be nuclear war. I think your brain is grazing grass.
Jaadu tona, they r educated fool
Shakil Ahmad Ansari your forefathers weren't  forced to converted in Islam.  Indira Gandhi was killed indirectly by your beloved Pakistan..  And how much killing made by your beloved Muslim ruller was uncountable.  Remember you share Indian DNA and your forefathers were converted
His songs aren't doing well so as his brain
This government is least concerned about corruption.
Change the headlines u fool.... its millions and not billions
He is past his prime in Bollywood. He hardly gets to sing for a movie. The new singers have made their way and occupied Central place in playback singing which he enjoyed sometime back. So, now he is frustrated and desperate coz no one is talking about him and his vocals. Hence, the best way possible for him like all losers is talk against Islam and Muslims to get noticed. My request to Muslims wud be to ignore this defeated soul and leave him with his madness and frustration.
I m now frastrated, same text what past ministers said. What's the use of radars, sophisticated planes and missiles..... For fun..... WE don't want Govt. who want to do nothing except words...... Kill The basterds....
Indian coward army deserves it because this army of lady boy's army which kill innocent civilians in Kashmir so no sympathy no mercy because today's India is extremes wild dog of modis terrorist India.
yes they have to do with palestine ...but not their own kashmir (were there was no riot but total cleansing )
Is this ruling binding on Pakistan?
Saudi Arabia should apply sharia on the employer if this is true. However, everyone knows that Saudi legal system is always partial towards their citizens in preference to expatriate laborers. If the same was done by an expatriate his head would be rolling in public place within a month
Fake news, no data, fraud journalism
_*Hats off to Modi he has shown the world that his chest is really 56""*_ *I am a proud Indian*
If India can't retaliate then atleast a separate MOS of Defence for #KadiNinda shud b appointed.
Hehehehehe.... . During the UPA govt....they were blocking parliament so that FDI of 51% should not pass in retail sector.....now 100%....see the Hippocrates....
Moni Singh there is no race so there is no  challenge. But you are just a pathetic case of  aggressive and destructive feminism
Anna is now a confirmed agent of RSS/BJP
This is problem wen brands in india do a launch ....so funny  and cheap drama
F*** u indian xpress... Wtf r u publishing? Y not sharing dhoni is having breakfast?
Cheap publicity stunt to stay in the news.. Nothing else... Get a life man!!!
Becoz his wife is not Muslim. If his wife was Muslim Yougi will take him from his grave and rape as he said before Election
He's not even an Indian citizen..fake deshbhakt.Tired of his sorry face.
First u learn than teach others every father want his son want to be good Muslim and good citizen of India but sometime influence by external factor or In justice to community , lawmaker and law follower police give one side justice which lead to influence like rss influence my Hindu brother to follow rss ideology than Indian ideology Mr Vb Mishra , so correct urself so that we do not produce 3 time ban terrorist group like rss or u do not get influence and kill Sikh which u did in 1984 , u do not get influence and make naxalite group and fight against own government , make bomb and plant them in own country like malegao, mecca majid, ajmer blast etc , and goa and get got with 100 bomb made by group santana sanstha they were caught in kolaphur , do bomb blast in thane drama hall , create gujarat 2003 for political gain, and u elected 7th standard pass as our pm what qualification he have only one he could not control law and order of gujarat , so no religion urs or mine teaches bad thing only follower u and me follow it wrongly and blame others for own wrong doing
Such an useless live product launch,comments are more entertaining here than the launch of dominar😂😂😂
Wtf... Why is D difference.  Bloody.. no care for soldiers
He should be thrown out of parliament this kind of Iragonce is unjustified a law maker Kill's the law boot him out of parliament
Cows r nt haram in Hinduism.Cow meat is.Evry religion has equally bloody history.All animals r animals n deserve 2 live
Push him out from the running train
we should fight for this... not for nationalism and cow.. this is the reality of My India. soo painful ...may god bless his soul and give patience to his father and mother.
Also israeli passport holders are banned in 17 isalmic countries since 1985 and not media gave a fcuk to it.
Sorry to say, it happens with every state. People are divided in their mind with us v/s them. You go south, they don't like north and you go east, they don't like west. The only way to resolve this is by bringing a feeling of being one nation one people and that can come from the top...policies of government.
SArthak Sharma Boss sorry , I may not agree with you because you are telling about his corruption but friend pl analyse other leaders irrespective of their parties and you will find that Politicians are 100% corrupt. You may be knowing him that is why you are telling but there are many whom you may not be knowing but are 100% corrupt. In politics you can not survive without corruption at least in India.
Hindus with full support from their religious scriptures, especially 'MANUSMRITI' has inflicted horrific torture on their Womenfolk & untouchable Dalits, since ages ... To promote the child-rape, baby-girls used to be married off to aged Hindu males, even before puberty ... Polygamy was practiced by most of the Hindu males, especially Brahmins, like Tiwaris, Dubeys, Choubeys etc. ... With religion by their side, some of them used to marry more than 100 Hindu-women, even at the death-bed (infamous Antarjali Yatra) ... After the death of old husbands, the just-married baby-girls used to be made 'SATI' by throwing her on the pyre of her husband ...  A bengali film named 'Antarjali Jatra', under the direction of famous director Goutam Ghose was released in 1987. This movie chronicles the evil practices prevalent in Kulin Brahminism like polygamy & ... 'SATI practice', wherein a recently widowed woman would be immolated on her husband's funeral pyre.  All sorts of restrictions used to be imposed on WIDOWS ... on 'food intake', 're-marriage of teenage widows', 'right to property', 'social status', 'recreations' et al, whereas no restriction on any kind used to be imposed on WIDOWERS ! Now-a-days, Hindus are seen mocking at the 'Burqa' used by Muslims ... But ask any Hindu, why the hell they keep their wives-mothers-grandma under the ""GHUNGHAT"" or compell their Women- folk to use vermilion (SINDOOR/BINDI), when the married hindu-men use none ... They would become speechless !   Let alone the commoner, even the Goddess Sita had to appear for a fire-test to prove his 'purity', she was abandoned by Hindu-God Ramchandra when she was pregnant & forced to live in the Hermitage of Valmiki. Finally, she had to commit suicide ... In the same way Lord Krishna never married to 'Radha' & abandoned her & never met her again, after leaving Mathura for Dwarka ! Though he had 16,100 junior wives, besides 8 Principal queens !   Do you have the guts to name a single Hindu whose Great grand-ma / Grand-ma was not raped by his G. grand-pa / grand-pa when she was just a kid & made her to produce children like a rabbit !!  Finally, let me admit that I'm a devout Hindu myself ! And I'm proud of my religion as it allows me apply my brain to judge between good & bad ... to criticize all the evil customs of Hinduism without fear, shun them, change my ""DHARMA"" to suit the modern age ... AND HERE EXACTLY THE ISLAM IS LAGGING BEHIND ... No change, no scientific proof, no logic, no modification of Religious beliefs to suit the modern time-place, no criticism of age-old evil customs, no difference of opinions are permitted / practiced in ISLAM ... ""INTOLERANCE"" to others is the buzzword in ISLAM !!
Vishal Joshi  Google some crime history of India........there are many examples of partiality in Justice........same crime.... but different punishments
2Lac bullets found as per media reports...!! Was he planning for some war or what...?😳
*PURE DESH ME AFRA TAFRI KA MAHOOL HAI...INDIA KI 98% JANTA GARIB HAI..YE MAAR ASLI 98% PE MARI HAI MODI JI NE..YE ACHA NHI KIYA BJP NE PURA VYAPARI VARG ROO RAHA HAI KHUN KE AANSU BJP WE SHAME ON YOU*  *B.J.P..*❌❌❌❌❌❌❌ *MODI..*❌❌❌❌❌❌❌  *WE REALY SHAME ON YOU MODI JI..*
we should cut kulbhushan inti pieces and throw his body parts in hindyaa
Her interference and telling against soldiers show that she is supporters of terrorist.  I don't like her
kashmiri problem is not solve by govt.alway making critical and rss is the ghost who interfers always since 1950 in the kashmir stop rss interfrrence talk and win hearts of kashmiri to keep in india.
For 60 years u ppl did it!! Wat is the result??
what a shame.. bajaj's own link is'nt even able to stream this launch..   http://www.bajajauto.com/BajajDominar/Dominar400/index.html
I am not sure about if u Muslims are living peaceful with non-muslims, but just wanted to grab those all pandits who are exiled from Kashmir. What would you say about that??
Why are u silent on some leftists assault on CRPF... Why not #TLI condemn the act of massacre...  Time to #EndTLI
Then tell all Khan actors to stop acting and singing in films.
Both look idiot
Where is the stupid CM. Usually has a big mouth for glorification.
This is what politics is... Whn more thn 22 soldiers killed my naxal..no media was interested .. N c..jaha Pakistan nai kuch keya..woh bhi we r getting what r great govt. N paid media is showing.. Tu foran SB active hugay..as news with Pakistan will help trp..will help in all the elections crab...  BJP..central govt. Har foji zarori huta hai... Yah ni ki ju east mai shahid huwa uspai metie dalo ..or ju Pakistan side pai huwa uspai hngama karo... Act n get excited the same.way .... Every where...  N media hope u become corrupt free one day... Stop working. For bjp..work.for.our country... Support for free media..rather Thn paid media
Sonu Nigam please get checked by doctor for loss of composure and patience,remember the days when you were new and struggling to make a mark   in the industry, u used to sing rafi saab songs, just no that he was a muslim and you are here today bcoz of him.just remember this and don't get carried away.love you brother.
Read history. There is no definite ideals about Hinduism first. There are so many divisions and practices and you have to keep in mind that India was never a Hindu state under one ruler. Diversity is our character. Top of everything is our Constitution. Respect that.
Yes. She is mentally unsound. I reallly don't know how she is CM of west bengal
Andh bhakht should not mourn know
Y this idiot on rise wen MCD is bound to be expected in Delhi.. Political tactics of bjp and rss.. He is nothing but just a puppet of Bjp and rss..and what is his take on lok pal Bill wer is his commitment on it..budda badmash nikla..
What an irony.. Arvind kejrwl is a fraud/
Sorry bro but begging is ur habit...first you used to beg from America now from china...and as a matter of fact its collaboration of indo russian venture...not isreal..
lets pray god he might not get easy death rather should die like a rotten eggs .
Its just to gain votes..... Selfish
if sc st bc mbc have rights to have reservations then Muslims also have rights to have separate reservation since the social status of muslims is lower than bc and mbc. if reservation is not required then give equal free education to all community
It's not because of our PM. It's because of people and media houses like you who demoralise the army by supporting Anti national elements.
The main issue behind these shameful acts is radical Islamic mindset .....islam can't digest any other religion this is a fact and it can't be overshadowed by some fake excuses....
Terrorism does have religion when it's motivated by religion.
Pakistan is alive on begged money. Look where india is and where is pakistan today. Both got independance together. Shame on u poor and uneducated people. U do not deserve to live in this civilised world. U r already living in hell. Shame
All commis are idiots.
Save cow if have guts bloody haters, Goa Kerala Bengal north east!
He is 9th powerful man in the world dont forget it everyone
I am upset when see the news, because sunu nigam is famous singer .By the way l want that he will be carefully speak in other religious.
Brace yourself ""innocent"" terrorists are coming to defend their deeds like they did for kargil in initial stages.
This is fucking 3 years old video from Mexico.wake up you idiots
also the hate created by BJP,  and RSS has to be cleared.
Vinod Gupta Can u read properly? The BJP targets muslim boys for no reason, false accusations! We don't need gundas to thrash innocent boys on false accusations.
Govt should take action on it. What doing Govt. is.......
ahmed keep ur mouth shut n no one asking u . who r u to ask us about proof of dawood Ibrahim. we know he is in pakisten that is the proof we know.
not a single thing isn't political
WTF
No wonder most ISIS caders were from Kerala.
If this all is done just to defame aap then they ppl have actually crossed all limits of diginity to obtain power.
This is Hindu terrorism .You have defeat this .And this is lesson for Indian Muslims .who became coward puppet after partition .
Sonu Ji is pitching for bharat ratna award from Modi Govt next year.  Congrats in advance sonu Ji
You are fail fail faaaaaaaaail
Truth among Muslims died when Arab Cult was invented by Mohammed.
Since modi came to power  all declining sportsmen like Sehwag Gambhir  flop artists like Hooda Rishi and Anupam kher retired beurucrats and failed singers loke Sonu Nigam a whole lot of sunset gang is blooming for the Bjp.
India is a fake, Fragile and unatural union build by British to control the poor masses. it has become a monster for minorities and neighbors, almost 40% of Indian Land is direct under Indian Army control who commit grave human right abuses under notorious AFSPA , Kashmiris hate India for brutal illegal occupation of their land but shameless India so called upper Class Hindu elite doesnt want to Free Kashmir for their political gaines, India is the only country which is being run by Extremists apart from Israel.
You are talking theory but in practice it is not followed.iPS & IAS are nothing in front of these Honorable MLAs. They even slap and abuse them in front of their subordinates. This MLA was so nice that he has not used any bad words. IPS officer should thank the MLA for not using bad words.
How can you expect mr old man? As long as pigs are there in india it never ever happen.
Exactly.USA & India must be kicked out from Afghanistan with in shortly InsAllah.Just wait.
Cash,caste, intimidation and liquor flow like water in Elections. Only thing is the modus operandi changes for each election.whether it is UP,AP, or MP,the election is just unimaginable without cash and liquor.
congress agent
The content u wrote describe ur frustration towards his tweets.. becoz u too know that imposing or forcing electronic sounds in early morning, Shud be deeply condemned.. bt u don't want to face the reality..
when India will start war, no one country will help Pakistan..
Credit growth aka money that was taken from the common man is now being handed over to rich industrialist as ""loans""... who as we all know have a long track record of never paying back... if you are to be corrupt then be corrupt like Modi... the man knows how to steal money and make it look completely legal...
Saudi arabia is model for pislam
Check ur mother and sister is safe or  raped by Talibans
No he didn't. But you might be the offspring of an Indian soldier who had a good time when we invaded in 1971.
Bomb all the porky Army camps in the border...Right now...#deathtoPakistan...
sc st bc mbc Muslims expect this best solution. but i don't know fc support this
we don't fear anyone we are not slave of any masters because turkey has no colonial HISTORY like Indian worshiping trump and eroupian union
Abrar whether you people live in density or alone,,,you people will damage the humanity,,,, important is you change your mentality towards supporting terrorism,,, bomblasting, killing innocents on the name of jihad,,, stop pleasing Allah doing all the possible crimes,,,,, stop dreaming for 72 hoors,,,    believe me every thing will be okay for you radicals
They belong to you flight dirty terrorist country india .. . 😂😂😂
fabricated news
What's wrong with you secular idiots
Modi ho ya Manmohan singh saala yeh log kuch ny karta hai sirf vote ka lia 56 ka seena dikahata hai
These kashmiri youth are radicalized jihadi terrorists. There are a few exception, but most of them are religious fanatics so keeping them at home is equal to keep a time bomb at home.
Cheap publicity...can he also answer why should food habits be forced on others
Says a guy who lives in a Christian country Australia 😂😂  If you hate Christianity for real why you radical Hindu people going for Christian countries to settle you're sophisticated life ?  You y'all talk so much of hatred  about Christianity but also want to settle in Christian country to live a sophisticated life  Why do you live India in the first place ?  Waarae waaah!   Such hypocrites  Hindu people are getting so toxic nowadays  Not everyone but i do find a lotta hatred comments on Christian people though they never poke or call them with pet names as you call random Christian person whenever you see on social media like ""converts, missionaries,know you're ancestor's""  Seriously too much toxic
BJP Agent
Ambuja cements results are very bad... but y it is going up
Pakistan is No 1 Lier in the World but it's Days are Over.
Ha ha just like the PM then. Cries a river every alternate month.
Aamir Shaikh Best definition of Sunni and Shia is.... A Sunni Saddam Husain of Iraq attacks a Shia Iran and causes killing of 15 lakhs of Muslims. Muslims are Sunni or Shia by birth. It's only stupidity of extremism which forces one to claim righteous and denouce other as deviant. People believing in religions of hatred cause always bloodshed and then that becomes a cult of Satan.
The #Antagonismविरोध friction  Between Freedom of Speech and Seditious Libel in India  BJP dominated by RSS thru ABVP is trying protect their Government n their failed Policy of Hatred n intolerance in the shelter of #SaditionLaw: The law of sedition as provided for in Section 124A of the Indian Penal Code, 124-A was imported from various sources- the Treason Felony Act (operating in Britain)  The fundamental difference between the former Section 124A and the present one is that in the former the offence consisted in exciting or attempting to excite feelings of “disaffection"" as punishable, but in the latter the act of “bringing or attempting to bring into hatred or contempt the Government of India"" has also been made punishable. Mahatma Gandhi in 1922 was convicted under the same law in the famous- Great Ahmedabad Trial, in which Gandhi was charged with sedition i.e for “spreading and inciting disaffection"" against the then British-ruled government.
Jason Snow  You know NOTHING about Israel but you know A lot about being stupid.
Suraj Yadav bhai he is not owner of company, blame ambani, bill gates who are owner
Muhammad Arif what he is saying is that Islam is the problem and has been like that since Mohamed was raping Aisha. If there was no Islam the world would be a better place. Makes sense right?
Real surgical strike  dear your only dreaming about your cowerd army
Sad that Indian secularism is in the hands of you pathetic appeasers.
Yes he dumped his wife. So you bring a law banning instant talaq, bad men will still be able to use modi talaq. I think law shud jail wife dumpers like modi.
Manoj can ask Rajnath Singh to nab the culprits since Delhi Police comes under home ministry. Infact this is an embarrassing episode for the central Govt. It will be better for AAP if Kejriwal keeps his mouth shut.
Terriorst PM (Paid Media).....India.....  Killed Gandhi... Father of India....? Killed 100+ Kashmiri in 2016.....? Killed 100+ Civilian in 2016 Demonetization.....?  #Pakistan Pl Help...... #UnitedNation Pl Help...... #China Pl Help......
If it is true than why media not showing the mutilated bodies it is my ? from INDIA TV. Dont make peoples polish and dont creat problem for your country INDIA.Because if India showing response of attack than the same response will be from pakistan side which we seen in normal on borders of both sides but only local people are affected not army so try to understand this is because of you (media) whole environment is disturb.Shame INDIA MEDIA.
Donky/dog barks always at time of azan.
Riya Biswas it's high time you stop whining for no reason 'cause your statements ain't making any sense. So live in your own world as a retard liberal and naff off!
Always negative comments by Indian Express against BJP....Its journalism in worst form......no respect for such journalism
What will you talk to Pakitan?Whom will you talk to?To Nawaz or to Pak army that defies Nawaz?Pakistan is not a nation.It has not evolved.It has remained the same barbaric jihadi group of satanic liers holding  the jihadi invaders as their ideals eyeing India with the same medieval cruelty ,greed and disrespect.War may be avoided for a while but it cannot be averted.Occupy Pakistan before it goes to the IS hands.
Who the hell is he? An ISIS supporter and a broker who takes money from EU by blackmailing them in the name Syrian refuges. A dictator. Anyways, we all know what is happening in middle east, Turkey will have same story very soon. 😄
Ahamed Razeen..Ignore such morons..They can't even afford to have their pictures..Which shows they are from IT cell to abuse.
These so called activists r just for disturbing law & order   .........jamming the traffic
Stupid pm ever
This bstrd group Islamic Express is making a news just to insult a Hindu legend. See the no. Of retweets and like they got who trolled Mr. Big B. This anti Hindu thing never will troll SRK or any Muslim actor. How we are allowing these anti Hindu media house to exist in India - a Hindu majority country. He gave his and Abhishek dancing to show the joy  and proud of the satellites launched. And he is not an ISRO scientist to give you exact no. Of satellites. And if it's his tweet how the hell are you decide whose picture he will post.  Islamic Express you are now crossing the limit. And the top troll tweet is from a mulla..Named emraan
Dear Indian Express, I feel sorry to write that your journalists are out there to misinterpret events and present them in a distorted manner just to make some sensational headlines. The news about upcoming singer Nahid Afreen has been prepared without proper research and investigation. It was very sad to see that your journalists don't even know the difference between fatwa and appeal.  A fatwa is a non-binding legal opinion issued only by a qualified jurist (Mufti) on a request by someone who is unable to understand religious guidelines whereas the leaflet that is being circulated and presented as Fatwa is just a hard copy of an appeal signed by 46 men who believe in religious practices. The merit of appeal can be discussed on many grounds and in many dimensions but first and foremost, an appeal can not be called a legal opinion (Fatwa).  We expect apology from your side for such a mistake.
Out dated thinking
He will not die this easy he has to suffer more gift of god more to come to this goon
SHAMEFUL ACT BY PAK ARMY ................NEEDS URGENTLY BEFITTING REPLY FROM INDIAN ARMY ..................
Yogiji should be careful  ; such thing should be avoided.
Just stop loudspeaker during early morning which is time for sleeping.
The followers of Marx are the biggest chutiyas on the earth
India is a country of hindus  as per indo-pak partition muslim has no right to live in inda . they should migrate to muslim countries or make a new partition of inda for them self
I was not expecting such a crap from this dynamic singer ,  He should have raised his voice against noise pollution but not against azaan which can hurt sentiments of minorities.
What's a fraud site like Timtara.com doing here ?
ÀAP THUGS THINK THEY ÀRE WOŔTH  30 CR. OVERESTIMATED THEMSELVES. THEY HAVE NO CHARACTER N ARE NOT WORTH 30 CENTS. TAKE SER IS WHAT THEY R WORTH
Jansatta dead
This stupid man is getting trolls only. Indians are not so fool. Ak is hero now.
This happened when you can't get any contract and you're going towards poverty , like abhijeet start doing politics and using hate comments similarly this guy came from nowhere and start bashing Muslims thinking he will comeback into Bollywood again :-/
Fool
Why India Should #ScrapIndusWatersTreaty Indus Water Treaty Is Illegal The case of the 1960 Indus waters treaty, it has been signed by then Prime Minister Jawaharlal Nehru and “nowhere it is declared that the said agreement/treaty has been signed in the name of the President of India”,  “According to the ministry of external affairs documents, nowhere disclosed agreement has been signed by the Jawaharlal Nehru for the President of India...,”   “According to the impugned agreement 80% water goes to Pakistan which is a serious injury to the fundamental right of the citizens of India coupled with further financial and natural injuries to national interest.”  If We Indians Keep Quit Today Our Future Generations Will Blame Us And Never Going To Forgive Us  India Need Be Like China Fast And Furious And Must Have Ability To Say On Face. China Claim South China Sea  China Made And Develop 7 Artificial Man Made Islands On The South China Sea So Quickly  Then Why Can't India Stop Water From Our Own States And Union Territories Of India We Need To Build More Dam On Indus River And Must Have Iccha-Shakti To Say Only One Sentence To World Bank F*ck Off  India Is Scraping Indus Waters Treaty  If China Can Do For Their Mother Land  Then Why Not India (If India Cannot Do) Then Their Is Some Serious Problem In Our Indian Government System With Our Political Partys And Also With Our Useless Politician. Who Just Know To Bark But Cannot Take Action.  http://siteresources.worldbank.org/INTSOUTHASIA/Resources/223497-1105737253588/IndusWatersTreaty1960.pdf
Who is this barking dog from hagistan(hindustan) ,as if kicked by pak army on half face!! Indians have zero ethics
These bigots are exploiting the religion, they only know violence and killing humans
Someone died, who is so stupid to laugh about that. I strongly encourage some common sense. A death or an injury is not a laughing matter.   All army personnel is accountable for their actions towards every person regardless of the opposing member being from an army member or a civilian.  Actions should not go unseen rather the matter should proceed in military courts, where an adequate military prison time can be allotted. It is very difficult for governing bodies to have any peace talks, where army personnel keep acting in such a barbaric manner.   If they are so keen on fighting, then fight for the rights of citizens. In the honorable armies, there is no room for such actions.   ADGPI - Indian Army Pakistan Army Official
Will politician and minister pledge to take only generic medicines only? Is life of poor cheap?
What the hall is these
I'm just here to read some hindutards comments and eat popcorn. Where's Michael Jackson???
Ha ha hrow up guys...this is not called journalism...its called chutiyapa
Callum Talbot, So now you are taken history. Well let me remind you gibbering imbecile that all conquerors did the same. The Persians did it. The Romans did it by destroying the Temple of David (pbuh). The Egyptians inslaved the Jews. And countless other civilizations. You seem like you are English. Pray tell what did the British did in India for 400 years? They weren't out their picking potatos from the field were they? They raped, stole and oppressed India for over 400 years. So what gives you the right to talk about Islam on the basis of the actions of a few fruitcakes? In the words of Jesus (pbuh); ""He that is without sin shall cast the first stone"".   P.S You are thicker than a whales omelette.
Begining of dictatorship by indian govt. F**k
BJP idiots.......dictators, upper caste brahminical mentality. Divide people the policy? Kick those idiots out......
just wait and watch... India army never forget that.mind it ""Pakistani dogs""
Stop stop...  how long we see like this.INDIA DO OR DIE
Mr. Das Gupta I totally agree with you. What I want to know (pl donot take it otherwise) BJP talks about cow protection in Kerala Bengal and other places but why this party has no objection to slaughtering of cow in Goa and north east.
Why did you allow political parties to deposit old notes without any fines.? Are these political parties above LAW?   This is open loot...
Going naked in public is not boldness.......it is something else beyond words...of shamefullness
Because we have Some your Pigs bro ..here too bro...Show.we killed it by slowly soon
Shameless kejriwal is stuck to his chair like a leech even when people have rejected him.
hahahahahahah. USSR didn't even last a Century and their Choirs sang about Millenniums.LOL. kerala has Centre left UDF too not whole Communists.  Indian Communists think they are Che Guevara.LOL.     Corruption was institutionalised under commies. They opposed even computers because Chaprasi were gonna lose their ₹5 tip for moving the documents from table to table.
Cheap MLA..
Yuck, you people are retarded .. have you ever heard of  this great novel written by jnanpith awardee M.T. Its devastating to even think of any muscular guy doing the role of bheem in this story.BTW Guys this movie is only named mahabharata, and the book is all about BHIM as someone much greater than muscles or looks.and even if it is still reqd for you, Just wait and be enthralled by how mohanlal pulls out the character to unthinkable realm.
His words are sharp thorns on the bums of Gandhis.
Yes u r a perfect worker of BJP and it will be your correct decision to join BJP.  Fraud of the decade.
Dont mess uo with keralians. Harmony is in our blood . No ppe che ppi can destroy it coz here humanity rules
Airtel looted everyone for basic services... You guys will go bankrupt surely
This modis puppet came out for MCD election.#Chutiya
Unity in diversity! khahakkk ttthuuu... ladthe raho sab ek doosre k saath.. nobody is perfect..
The time you tweeted is around 3 am morning,  which is not at all a namaz time.   As you bollywood carrier is almost finished, you are preparing yourself for politics by these comments.
This is randi tv is fake media. Always reporting propaganda instead of real news.
Indian government and it's army definitely against Kashmir and its innocent people  Indian is real state of terrorism
Media is obsessed with Note Ban. There are hordes of  other issues  positive or  negative.
lipika shut ur pussy as soon as possible otherwise i will strike surgically into ur pussy
No more mouth war please...need immediate response on coward pak Army ...
Lol Sonu nigam  No one cares about you Go to hell
Completely agree with Rosita Bassi. In this Video kumar vishwas is appealing people of the nation to rise above party lines and realise the threat which is staring in the eyes of our motherland. He has very nicely portrayed the ground realities which we all are insensitive to.   Yet, the title attached to this message by ""The Indian Express"" is deplorable and utterly insensitive.   The emotions and sentiments  in this video is invaluable and incomparable great to slogans like "" Har Har Modi; Ghar Ghar Modi"" or any other equivalent slogans.   Jai Hind to Mr.Vishwas and my countrymen.
And every single founding father spoke at LEAST three languages each.
Dear pakistanis don't forget world sees pakistan as land of terrorist it is only you people who thinks pakistan is some kind of heaven alike :)
Sorry """" your thinking is very bead .how can thing for azzan distriube your sellipeng you are weakup earllay i thing you can saying everyone sorry
This junk opposition will lose despite coming together....Their agenda is to defeat Modi ji not development... Losers
Indian manufacturers have also depended on the big Indian market itself: Commerce Minister
Reporter:- PM sir; which fruit do you like? Modi:- Apple Reporter:- Breaking news--- Modi does not like Mangoes; Banana; etc. Let’s ask Congress their views on this. Manish Tewari:- Modi like Apple means Red color. This means he likes bloodshed This means he does not want peace and harmony in the country Ahmed Patel:- This means Modi is only promoting Hindutva. He does not like green fruits means he is against Muslims. This clearly shows Modi has no feelings for Muslims. Nitish Kumar:- This attitude of Modi is what made us split from NDA. Rahul Gandhi:- Modi never says which chocolate he likes. Arnab Goswami : The nation wants to know why Modi likes apple more than other fruits The Nation has the right to know this. Sonia Gandhi:- People of India please ask from where Modi is going to get the money to buy such an expensive fruit. Geelani:- This is Modi’s tactic to usurp Kashmir. We will not allow this to happen. Yechuri:- Selecting an expensive fruit like Apple shows Modi is pro- capitalist. It also means he is pro corporate and wants to promote Apple products indirectly. Why is he not saying about Samsung etc. We want a CBI enquiry. Kejriwal:- Traditionally Mango is considered the King of Fruits. Modi is anti tradition. This is against the interest of the aam aadmi. Foreign Media:- Modi’s communal policies are hurting the secular fabric of India. Common man - God save this country
Due and genuine process of law, that's the key here. .. and that's most probably bhagwaan and government agenda bharose...
All pro  and  anti  have their  own  masters  in form  of presstitute  Moral  is learn  to think  analyse  be deattached  from printed  and telecast    😊😊😊
Shameless media can twist what he said!  He said the nation is more important than an individual!!  This clip was put by AAP!
CNBC Aawaz all estimates became wrong. Predicted BHEL will be in loss but it is in profit and up 15 %. Why this channel is estimating the earnings. Let people judge the results good or bad. I ended 14 journey with CNBC-TV18.
What about the money that she earned from early part of life,,now nice excuse to get continue in India and enough to spoil youth!
Will some one tell here that if it was through mortar fire or gun fire from accross the boarder or LOC....how come the bodies were mutilated????? They were hit from a distance ...right... or Indian Army is accepting the fact that Pak army cross the LOC and killed their soldier...??? Question is it means that it was a real surgical strick from Pak ... and it has been happening continueosly for quit some time ...how could you cant protact yiurself ...?????? Pathetic Army #Rapendian Army
Out of his mind .....he can't handle success any more.
Need to check if National Manufacturing Policy 2011 is still relevant: Commerce Minister
very soon u will b kicked to porkistan
Oldest in the world so don't teach ur granny how to cook yahooooo
It's fit for your mulayam singh and Pappu you communal venom
Honestly disappointed ...I was your hardcore fan from the other side of the border. Simply put earplugs if you have that much issue with Azaan. There are temples in Pakistan as well where priests carry out their religious practices on normal basis and we have never intervened and thyou know why because as human beings we respect other religion. And that was least expected from you as you are a public figure.
Azaan aur Namaaz aur Prayer everything happens at its time. You should do your time and sleep management rather than targeting any religion...Mr. nonsense nigam
Same words for modi killed innocent people in Gujarat and for your army killing innocent Muslim in Kashmir
If Killer of 2000 people can be prime minister of India then why not him ?
haha, I feel sorry for Pakistani girls where RAPES aren't even registsered. I also feel sorry for Ahmaddi Muslims who are killed because of their religion LOL
All political parties united for a single cause - Hold Lokpal or extend its process as long as they can 😐
Stupid woman was it also to kill people in the name of cow protection? Cows like you should be finished off first .
Bilkul sahi....beat up them until they stop doing bulkshits....they deserve worse than it
Chu...ya spotted !
Zakir Naik extolled Osama Bin Laden's views': Govt justifies ban on Islamic Research Foundation  1.75 billion 1750 million 175 crores Muslims around the world are in Control due to moderate scholars like Zakir Naik in Islam or The whole World would be like Syria, Iraq & Yemen   Osama Bin Ladin was NOT Proved or Convicted as PM Modi & Amit Shah in Gujarat Muslims Genocide in 2002  God gives honour to whom He pleases and dishonour to whom He pleases  The phrase “Wato Izzo Mantasha Wato Zillo Mantasha” is from Surah Al-Imran verses 26-30 of the Holy Quran: “O God, Lord of the Kingdom! You give the kingdom to whomsoever You please and strip the kingdom from whomsoever You please; You honour whom You please, and abase whom You please. In Your hand is good. Verily, You are mighty over all”.
Divyendu Saha they are ruined by communists ...so for hindu turned communist ram is myth but for muslim communists Allah is only god.
Kejriwal is hardly working in Delhi. He is a Chiefminiter with no work and with all the perks of office of CM. If anything goes wrong, blame on Mr Sisodia. Shuglu committee report has completely exposed AAP and Mr Kejriwal.
Bloody senile
Ashish kr I have talked of cyber crime and not of physical loot by a criminal. Don't negate an idea by foolish example.
This coward act  cannot be  accept we must revenge
Idiotic Sena !
Modi jee you have made our country proud ....some dogs are barking let them ...we and our prayers are with you.
This is true time to use our   nuclear bomb against pakistan
Brijendra Singh and you are authority to certify who is terrorist
Nd u chu morons will save money by not getting burnol everytime bol thanks 😎😄
If gst bill is passed it will be an amended version of the gst bill, wont benefit the centre for 5 years atleast, whats the idea of such bill getting cleared??
Kejriwal's lack of confidence in his own people because of their more experience like J Jadav, Bhushan etc and MPs like Gandhi's reputation, and leaders like Sucha S chhotepur and undecided about Sidhu proved his clinging to all power of AAP fatal for him and his party. No candidate for the post of CM in punjab and punjabi for Punjab  CM was not announced was a great blunder which can not be componsated.
Even if priyanka look garbage it's Indian media's holy duty to promote her as ""international star""
So stupid and shameful sack her without any enquiry this is very bad
Delhi CM is worst and most corrupt CM of India ever
Yeah...how many strongest.. the TTP spoke person disgorge by Pakistan, now every one knows what india is doing there...shitting.
Most sectors already put under automatic FDI route: Commerce Minister
Nothing is wrong in Sonu Nigham comment's not make issue of non issue things
Vishnu Chitlangia it is you started barking! Just to avoid who sells most beef in the world
What govt will do with the life saving drugs which companies are making
Sir first of all you are not capable and worth speaking over IPS which shows that how easily you can isolate a helpless person in front of politicians, you are from our elder generation and I totally blame you for this cases happening across our country because people like you have not raised your voice against the wrong and its us who are suffering now, so instead sitting there and making useless comments which make youth of our country aggressive and hopeless as we can't hope  anything you can do for our nation if you have a short of shame left apologies to whom you said is not capable for IPS How dare you say that, you don't have any worth of speaking over her. Apologies to the Lady IPS of ours who with her hard work has reached to that level to serve our nation and we know its not easy to become an IPS officer and that to in India. Shameful Sir Shameful even if my father or any other would have said as he wont while he's serving the public via Indian Railways, i wont tolerate this anyhow you people have been sitting quite but our generation won't for the better of our country. Shameful very shameful comment!!! It hurts. Apologies Sir
Sharon Lefkowitz.  Not ""all educated Americans"" are so stupid as to ignore our Founding Fathers and the U.S. Supreme Court.  I realize from another of your comments that you think you're an expert on Israel too.  Perhaps you should read my response to Doucett Black before showing your lack of knowledge again?
All who has commented on pm.... Must keep in mind that modi will never lose next election.
U r mad
Publicity stunt of a dead celebrity to jump the most TRP hogging bandwagon of the current times.
Go and join the BJP you idiot
I think Turkey always in favour of Muslim countries not Indians
@ sanjiv sharma you eat pork or what ever you want, we don't have any objection,,, you idiot we never objected to eat pork,,, even you eat shits and pee,,,,,,,these kind idiots elected modi,,, but we are suffering ,,, Bjp will never comes in Southindian, becaze we are wise, you North Indian stupids,,,
Kunal SHAHIL.. You are an idiot
Highway robbery courtesy of Modified government.
Adapt all means to distroy these demons ( paki Dogs). Bring in someone like Mr Gill late Punjab DGP & place our brave hearts & assets in the midst of public disguised as civilians & kill these rats before they raise their hands. We can no longer loose our brothers in arms, like this. Act before its too late. Remember ""A theif can only  atch a theif easily.""
Rajshree Jena dear counselor access is not provided to spies, even india has denied it in past in Pakistani prisoners,  he has been given local legal n right to appeal against army court decision
...right time to digvijaya Singh to commit suicide or retire from politics
What the hell
Manoj tewari ji..Delhi police is under central government control and your party is in centre..
Now they wll cme in favour in SS. And if again they form their coalition with BJP , they wll post ......hindutwa communals meet again"" Thtz why they r called #Presstitutes ! 😂😂😂😂
What lokpal which lokpal.... everyone forgot ... Anna hazard doesn't care anymore ... Arvind is busy whinning like a girl.. rest of AAp fighting with each other... Govt is scared of Lokpal but need Adhaar card for cattle that's the priority
True take guts from us if u people haven't...and go to goa and north east....
U know song.....U don't know azaan
Gen.RAWAT blamed that PAKISTANIS crossed the LOC and RAPED my wife and daughter and then safely escaped. Now those Pakistanis threatening me that they will RAPE me too. .....
Simple a big LANAT from his fans.
In MP the BJP leaders are ISI agents, in W.BENGAL....... In UP election BJP have the most criminal background candidates..... The desh bakt party
Ultimately common man suffers beurocracy. Muslim christian, hindu, dalit, sikh brethren all Indians are suffering because of biased policies, favouritism and no development.  All  POLITICIANS, bjp Congress SS owasi mayawati leader of ISIS,Abu bhakar. Paid media all are living lavish comfortable lives, it is only soldiers, common man and brainwashed terrorist who are fools  die on streets.  Do not allow them to succeed in playing divisive tactics .  This is their idea so that they divert our attention from growth development eradicate POVERTY.  Ensure they Provide basic needs like food educational shelter medical aid to all citizens.  They are not doing this work only concentrating on elections and blame game  they will call you convert, terrorist psuedo low caste whatever ignore them make their hatred known to World.  Form committee of common man united to fight crime corruptions hatred taking help of world.  High time to start now.  No use taking candle light marches when everything is over.  There are right and wrong people in all religion follow right discard evil.  Let's give Peace good health, environment, growth, development, social well-being a chance
What the hell is this, soprano singer bike lunch or
Now you prove tht man standing next to Yogi is a criminal?
Do you think shungalu committee is right this committee is bjp bhakat
Come back Nitish ji...Unless you want to work with corrupts and eventually become one of them...
Anna is the agent of BJP RSS.
Communism works in Homogeneous population. India is divided on everything​ language,color,Race,Movies,Sports. Communism will never work in India.   And Indian Communists think that they're some kinda ""Che Guevara"" who's gonna liberate India. Same   Communists Mudafuckas supported China during 62'.  And Communist got only 52 votes of 32 seats in MCD elections. Thats alarming.
Not suprised,just waste of money & time,but lesson 2 b learnt by Y'appa,being arrogant dos'nt work.
Because of these bloody congress only issue made like this
The paper is instigating fire .The reporting itself is so dountful
This is your personal thinking because of no knowledge that Islam has not given proper rights to the Women. Please check Islamic book for Women rights in Islam.   You can fight for those women too who are not married because of high payment demand or those who burnt alive or those who got raped. When these issues will get resolved will then come back and talk of their rights you are pointing out. Meanwhile, those women can ask help that their husband cheated them that he did not follow the rule properly what was given to him. if you want to know the islamic rule of talaq please read it from any islamic authentic resouces.  Where were you 1-2 years back, when no one did wonder of triple talak or half of our population rights. You just got heard this base less issue by a politician and your mouth got opened. Triple talaq came recently 1-2 years back or 1400 years ago? Triple talaq is now common since 1-2 years right Mr. Ravi Sharma? Or this is just a political gimic to make people busy so that they do not talk of other common issues like GDP, Economical condition, Increasing prices, Unemployment, Farmer issues?
PMO and BJP media cell went to town credit on behalf of NaMo. Worse NaMo took credit in Independence day speech of turning around Air India.
Government is the guarantor of nationalized bank but kept mum on bad det mounting in bank.
I think he ran out of ideas to get any kind of publicity. And look now everyone is talking about him.
People can trust Cobra than this bloody old man....
Sonu tweet is a side effect of central government  He looking for National Award like winners
i m repeatedly saying it her father was also pro terrorist.. what can you expect from her very bad politics by modi ji..i don't know their thinking behind making this Lady cm
IN POLITICS AN INSANE PERSON GETS THE REPUTATION OF BEING AN INTELLIGENT.. VICE A VERSA
not gonna happen till modiji is in power
The reason he was slapped by SRK.
CHOOTIYA...NEWSPAPER. .OF..INDIA...IS...INDIAN....EXPRESS...AND.. FULL...OF.. STUPIDS. .AND...MORONS .....OF...21ST...CENTURY.....😉😉😉😉😉😉
he wants some money.
NDTV is honest and secular and progressive channel and zee News channel is corrupt and communal and castist channel and bjp channel
publicity stunt bc
ICJ has expressed it in clear terms that today's verdict is binding on both the countries.  Pak can not disobey ICJ.
The same passion is not shown by the Kashmiri Muslims. They need azadi and Indian Army is giving them the same along with 72 virgins in heaven.
Can't believe the bhakt sheeps are supporting this stupid move 😐
Deepika looks horrible
Shame on u
U r only 16...and u don't know what you are saying...they will jus use u against ur own ppl ... n then throw u....hope Allah show you the right path
Bjp haters every where can't help it bro,they don't apply their brains when they try to glorify the rivals of bjp
And Indian Muslims will still get killed by RSS and BJP  affiliates. Their refrigerators searched for meat and sent for DNA tests, while their sons serve in the armed forces.    Their mosques burnt and their women raped because someone from the Muslim community allegedly killed a Hindu, which has not yet been proven was done by Muslims or anyone politically motivated.
Let's come on bro. You will be see the reaction of BAT.  And you will not be able to think about attack
It's an Indian state only not a bloody country
Loudspeakers must not blare music or devotional songs or call to prayer at early or late hours as defined by the law. The same law should apply to everybody.
Yeah..brainless bigots is wt u want!! So that nobdy challenges u!!
TCS Q3: Net Profit up 2.9% at Rs 6,778 cr vs estimates of Rs 6,489 cr
If it is happened with common man then how do u react? common man facing so many issues in day to day life. here no one is caring..During the demonitisation  you were making fun of public..shame on u man
Riya biswas fake id, muslims are growing day by day in India, and hindus are the most tolerant people ever, so shut f up
For B J P govt violence against females are not important now a days very important is cow protection all over the country they have already enrolled Gau rakshak force also so madam I request all the females to protect yourself from the miscreants
Not only RSS almost all of country's population is against the secularism that you practice you bloody spoiled minds. Communists and the congress may not be powerful enough to even contest 2019 polls.
Disgusting
When will kejriwal resign and own up to the responsibility of election defeats and the worst rejection by the people. Shameless to continue on his post, rather he should give it to a better and deserving leader....
Giving shelter to terrorists for killing other.and now playing victim card when we are killing those who killed us
Do not spread your stupid talk.
You mean u support a guy who says rape all muslim dead women.what kind of necrophillic obsession is it.
Everything Modi and BJP doing are for future. Earlie govts also did the same thing. Look at the case of Aadhar card. BJP opposed when it was introduced. Now BJP talks about it even while sleeping. Every time when the Petrol was increased what BJP was doing in the past  and what they are doing now. Note ban was opposed by BJP. Now what they have done .There are several cases where UPA govt introduced and BJP opposed. Now the same proposals of UPA are being reintroduced changing the names and they are saying that they are doing it for future. What a statement
This semina4 looks like the birth of a stupid as emo child
I'm Indian not Pakistani.  Microsoft being the core business while they also work for their own foundation which is their health division.. They have tied up with many pharmaceutical companies to promote their business in medicines.  Bhakt like you still use only gau mutra that's why you have no knowledge on this!
His speech might be entertaining, especially to many who don't like RG but that doesn't make the questions irrelevant. He could have addressed the issue instead of trying to evade from the topic. One gets a feeling from his speech that people are illiterate coz of previous govt. and if most can't operate through cards then they'll just have to live with it. Those people voted for him and as their PM it is his responsibility to take illiteracy into consideration before designing alternatives.
Hindutva groups are ready to take law in their own hands...Smelling some Intolerence!! #StandWithJNU
Donald Goodwin.  Perhaps you should learn a bit more about the U.S.?  English is the established language, just as Christianity is the established religion.
Well said Aamir Shaikh Hindu talibanis want their talibani rule in India.
Instead of you ranting on social media about the issue,you could have spoken to the head of the mosque and surely this could have been treated in a positive manner.Cheap publicity stunts.
Imran Khan the world know who is terrorist !! Pakistan the terrorist hub creating issues in kashmir n Afghanistan !!a terrorist state !!
Kamlesh Puri, Not proud to have a man who ordered mass killings in gujarat, as my PM. He is arrogant, egoistic. 60 people have lost their lives due to his stupidity. Now dont come up with the soldier thing or jio thing.
OMG....reflexes are active now after 4 days...you are too slugish.
Congress has promoted corruption during last 60 years . Congress is a institution of corruption .
Aapiyo..... sorry to say but people are turning into bhakts.... Kumar vishwas is one of them.....“If after riding the plank of anti-corruption to form a government in Delhi, your own people indulge in corruption and if you(the leader) try to save them and issue no statements, people will question you,” he said in a veiled reference to Delhi Chief Minister Arvind Kejriwal. Tum log EVM ko blame karte raho aur log Punjab, Goa, Rajouri Garden ki tarah har jagah tumhari bajayenge....!!!!
if reservation is given to hindus then no one tell this is religion based .but if it is given to muslims then it is religion based
This is absurd argument if someone wants to kill he would anyways kill..therefore we should not frame laws for such acts..this guy has a dehumanized brain....There should be strict laws to protect the rights of women
Anything for Khujliwala!!!  Pls elaborate on the scandals of BJP. Not even a single constructive corruption charge on BJP yet, while AAP is competing with Congress on corruption. 2cr ke samose kha gaye saale bhadwe..
Narratives as syarted by BJP are responsible for such violent incidents in every parts of the country
Kunder ther is a 50% discount on itch guard for ppl like u,  plz utilise it.
Now the ego of kohli would be under the mud....😃😃😃
She is anti national - Bhakts
Stop Nonsense debates....withdrawal Home Ministry Forces and impliment Active Army. Shameless Government lack of Agenda...!!!
Modiji doesn't know a thing about demonitization. A person who acts, thinking what he knows is all truth, nothing more nothing less. No ears all mouth.  Knowing people like listening to him, which he is a master at, and making them in believing that what he speaks is the whole truth. Please people read more and grow more knowledge about the subjects, before blindly following anyone, sheep's. May...may...may..
Interesting that this excuse of a newspaper gets enough space to publish the words of a chief minister whose rule had seen regular murders of RSS workers. But it never has space to publish the news of those murders... If his rss hatred can justify the murders them every murder of this planet can get justified...
U r wrong confirmed news
Go suck all the mullahs cocks in pigistan filthy vermin
Oh wen this gonna stop cow terrorists killing Muslims...no one gonna arrest those teroristtss
This thing is happening only because of Congress If they would have hanged Modi for his crimes They won't have seen today
The more Anna  tries to stand relevant in indian politics the more he is exposed.
Arun singhal barking is the habit of street dogs like you.
They want to show.. U will meet hell with our bike
Common man.. if Hindus won't have respected your religion than u would have wiped of the face of India.. like Hindus wiped out in Pakistan..
Nothing but to cash benefits of present dispensation of Sanghis... Surely will get nominated for Bharat Ratna. It is common now.. But who cares.. I am proud Muslim and it least means whether we use loudspeaker for Aazan or not. I will pray five times a day and will live with my head High.
Yow fraud... Shut....👊
Indian constitution is very bad we want Sharia laws
Never a mistake. Well planned demonetization and loot.
Sanchari : plz dont try to defend the actor.It was a clear case of irresponsible rash driving if not drunken driving..the car was brand new so no question of engine malfunctioning and also no other vehicle hit it...the carnage of the incident itself is a proof with what speed he was driving..vikram should be prosecuted as per law..
no man you need terrorism, you are the only country which is not importing it enough
Haha lol! These guys r nothing but a big losers
Pak DNA is responsible for this. Their DNA reflects ungratefulness, dishonesty, killing instinct, cold murderer, terrorist psychology. That's why civilised societies don't go and live in that killing field. Iam not surprised to know dishonest character of Pak general, he is not but DNA of Pak general is responsible for this.
Bomb all the porky Army camps in the border...Right now...#deathtoPakistan...
Will the PM have guts to use the same formula for 2011 and reveal us the results? India's credibility is put at risk for political scores. Bad days ahead!
BJP has no face for CM candidate, already weaken due to demonetisation, UP worst affected state, plus akhilesh wave and Maya equation , almost impossible for BJP in UP
Jeremy Mason...seig heil you sick ticket
Tell her to go home & watch Kyuki Saas BHI kabhi bahu thi!!!!! Useless... Killing an innocent dairy farmer for cow protection had taken intolerance in India to another level. I hope india's biggest scam I.e. EVM scam between BJP & election commission should come out.
Pak Army intruded into Indian terrirtory, killed indian soldiers, had some laugh cup of tea with biscuits, mutilated their bodies and went back to their barracks, now tell me while this all rubbish was happening what were indian border forces doing watching mia khalifa and sunny leone?
I am talking about Indian Express's bigoted views. I am not saying don't oppose Yogi.
Will some one tell here that if it was through mortar fire or gun fire from accross the boarder or LOC....how come the bodies were mutilated????? They were hit from a distance ...right... or Indian Army is accepting the fact that Pak army cross the LOC and killed their soldier...??? Question is it means that it was a real surgical strick from Pak ... and it has been happening continueosly for quit some time ...how could you cant protact yiurself ...?????? Pathetic Army #Rapendian Army
Where is SRK ? This fool needs a slap every now and then ....
Kerala belongs to India and not to Jupiter and we will keep expressing our views on it
So here the post is all abt morality, work ethic, professionality of armed forces between 2 conutry where Pak lacks many of this things....
No credibility of this person..he is good for nothing...worked under RSS agenda and he is sitting back and enjoying..
Abhay Singh The Majority population of Kerala & India is HINDUS , the fight is between extreme right HINDUS vs Moderate HINDUS ( ones who live in perfect harmony with anyone irrespective of Religion )
Ndtv supported congress Lutyens brigade foot soldiers to immotionalise public through dalit minority & poverty news to demonize & fraud our youth mind
No planning from Modi..... And Arun Jetli needs to learn some talking etiquettes... He is A FM... He can't threatene people! He is supposed to be for the people
I think this respons is against the to much involve in kashmir ...why we not leave kashmir for peace why we not accept the people of kashmir wish ...if they want freedom than why we not accept this ...one day they get freedom but our army on daily basis kill inocent Kashmiris why our media not shows the killing of Kashmiris
Yeah backchod ho gya.. Abe acting career par dhyan...kiya faltu kAam kar rha ha
No politicians will think in a broad way like this.. All r bloody narrow minded for only money.. 👍👌
If there is a system to allow abuse this torture will continue, don't need to debate pull the guy and make him pay for it and abolish legally Triple talaq
who the hell is he .. He thinks he is a hero in every Gali and Nukud even beggers look better then him by face in kashmir
Arvind Kejriwal's biggest weapon is his facade of righteousness and moral high-ground, both of which often get exposed unveiling his true identity. A substantial population of Delhi re-elected this stupid moron because of multiple factors (back-to-back BJP victories and too much of Hindutva, including gharwapsi, were some of the contributing factors) and not the charismatic persona of this hypocrite, if somehow you perceived it that way. His spit-and-run strategy also shows how politically immature this person is. Trust me, this guy never wanted to do anything, he merely wanted to be praised and idolized. But for what? At least, Modi has got a product to sell along with a proven track-record. What has Kejriwal got except his persistent allegations (and quite ironically, when he cannot even face the same against him and his party)?  Yes, it might be true he is quite daring. But he is as daring as Rakhi Sawant, both of whom come up with new theatrics and drama to keep the general public laughing. If you believe he retweeted it because it was more logical, please do explain how logical was it to oust Yogendra Yadav and Prashant Bhushan. He did it merely because he had no other option. If Vishwas quits, Kejriwal, along with Aam Aadmi Party, would probably die, decay, and sink into the bottomless chasm of politics which has seen many parties share a similar fate. Hope your leader comes up with some constructive politics in the future, which will not merely benefits him, but also the Indian political scenario. Otherwise, he is going to lose relevance completely (as it is apparent given his current trajectory).
communists are antinationals, sad & unfortunate that Kerala a country called god's own country is abducted by criminals like you
We have no hatred. We believe in one religion Humanity. Don't misunderstand, please. Nobody ask the religion in blood bank. We should repair our over religious mentality. The real talent of Muslims and their lives being wasted for ""terrorism"" or idealism...like Solar energy. We should heal their souls with love and respect they deserve for thosands of years.
Project the full video its not all about only Kejriwal... #Presstitute
'Hafiz Saeed's house arrest is an eyewash,' says Rajnath Singh
To understand that you need to study macroeconomics. Industry creates jobs....jobs pay salaries...salaried pays taxes. Grow up.
How stupid this man can be.Being on the payroll of Dawood, they can think of Dawood only. After all Dawood provides them with all amenities like free sex, money etc.
it is shameless girl and she is kafer
Politics .poor army men .politicians r playing politics nd the poor army men r dying.
Kannaiah---JNU” Demanding justice to STUDENTS,HCU,JNU.  It is FREEDOM,NATIONAL MOVEMENT  OF MAJORITIES  TO STOP EXPLOITATION&INJUSTICE  BY MINORITIES,CORPORATES AND  IT IS FOR HINDU CODE BILL, ---------------NEW SOCIETY WITH EQUALITY & ------------- NEW SYSTEM WITH DISTRIBUTIVE JUSTICE including educational institutions WITH  COMMUNISTS & BACKWARD COMMUNITIES,BLUE&RED COMBINATION.  Those who are working for coscial justice &gender equality are being wrongly labeled anti-National.country  needs to make a difference between desh bakth&RSS-VHP-ManuVadi Bakth.  Throw shoes,imprison but v wil follow peaceful-parliamentary way of Dr.Amebedkar—Budha’s  Knowledge,character not violance. Eurasian ManuVadis using Mulanivasi innocent youth to attack their own backward brothers,their own future,their welfare,development.  MODI PROMISED 15 LAKHS IN OUR A/C FROM BLACK MONEY—NOT FULLFILLING Etc;  IF DISTRIBUTIVE JUSTICE IS IN POLICE DPT.JUDICIARY,TS GOVT.,MODI CABINET MULANIVASI STUDENTS,FACULTY MIGHT HAVE NOT JAILED BUT  VC, DATTATREYA, SMIRITI??!!  IT IS SAD,CRUEL ON HCU ADMIN PART TO STOP water supply,electrical supply,FOOD SERVING IN HOSTELS,POLICE COERSIVELY-CRUELLY-ABUSIVELY STOPPING COOKING????!!!-- lahi-charge on  -Uday Banu while cooking  is exploitation,injustice=IPS licking feet of  corrupt—foolish leaders not complyinh law of land CONSTITUTION POLICE  to clarify whether they lahi-charged students-staff on behest of  internal security?  From are they taking orders from?  VC/POLICE DGP/ACP? Police man grabbed girls & molested them.when they complained to a woman cop—cop slapped them,.  ABVP is not working for students,but for political interests, to protct guilty-corrupt-incompetnt politicians&corporate.  demanding human face with knowledge,love,character  as VC           not negligent,incompetent RSS Cadre,murderer APPA Rao—“  BMP/AP-Bahujan Mukti Party is ready to ally with communists for 2019 elections and resumed talks with Comrade Narayana National Leader for AP.  BMP/AP-Bahujan Mukti Party may choose Mrs.Radhika AMMA to contest against Chandra Babu as our CM Candidate.  -BMP/AP-Bahujan Mukti Party.
M.L.A. Do you know What is IPS or IAS officer duty? What do u think you are above the law of india... Lots of years spending in reading & writing...There shall difficult preparation to become IAS & IPS... But this type of illiterate people think that they are the boss.... Register F.I.R on M.L.A. for misbehaving to IPS Lady officer..
They are not human became animals.  We should treat them like animals.
Mr Rehan Khan why I am saying this word is because it is the secret of the young Minor girls case why the news channel broadcast the news if the warden is guilty than surely she will get punishment, media can't solve the case it is in police hand
This Sagar Chavan is a troll from BJP office. I have seen him trolling and abusing on any criticism of BJP. What I fail to understand is why are BJP supporters and BJP as a party does not support women's independence and choices? Why do they always want women to be Bharat Matas?
Anna is gone case bjp supporter that why opposed to other Anna cheated Indian people's
Oh really? Like Sachin never represented India, Amitabh sir never did that and ya all other famous celebrities never did the same. Mr., She is representing India. Nowadays only girls are representing India whether it's sports or movies or science and technology. So bloody shut ur mouth if u can't handle this. Sexiest.
Human is instinctively loveful. Hate is induced in to him by the vesteds. 'for the, of the and by the' is the most suitable system as belived by us.   US's is oldest and us's is largest.   We, 'the' are still there were it all started.......
Chadiwalla should be sensitive in accusing anyone because of his faith. There is nationalisms in every Indian regardless of his affiliation to any faith. Only chadiwalla are showoff nationalists.
56 inch chest ... How many more of my BROTHERS HAVE TO DIE AND THEIR BODIES MUTILATED ??? I hang my head in shame as a Indian..  We are IMPOTENT IN ALL DEPARTMENTS EXCEPT ONE ... I Wish We had a Prime Minister like Bibi Netanyahu of Israel.. Our Honorable 56 inches chested PM is not worthy of tying the shoe laces of the Israel PM.. These Islamic Jihadist Countries TREMBLE AT THE NAME OF ISRAEL... Take the help of Israel as we have good relations with them and finish of this PAKISTAN  AND KASHMIR matter ONCE AND FOR ALL ... The true citizens of India are ready for any sacrifices... Are U listening Modi ji ??????
http://indianexpress.com/article/india/fatwa-issued-against-reality-singing-star-nahid-afrin-by-42-clerics-4569825/  Dear Indian Express, I feel sorry to write that your journalists are out there to misinterpret events and present them in a distorted manner just to make some sensational headlines. The news about upcoming singer Nahid Afreen has been prepared without proper research and investigation. It was very sad to see that your journalists don't even know the difference between fatwa and appeal.  A fatwa is a non-binding legal opinion issued only by a qualified jurist (Mufti) on a request by someone who is unable to understand religious guidelines whereas the leaflet that is being circulated and presented as Fatwa is just a hard copy of an appeal signed by 46 men who believe in religious practices. The merit of appeal can be discussed on many grounds and in many dimensions but first and foremost, an appeal can not be called a legal opinion (Fatwa).  We expect apology from your side for such a mistake
Sutup
Expressopinion is always anti BJP / anti hindu..... Yogis elevation is not at all hateful / threatening.... If Mamta / Vijayan / Abdullah / Kejrival can become the state head than Yogi is much much better than all.....
So cheap n sick shame on you hema malini
Shut up
wow  waht the heck.....even in assam this trend has started? :O a human life is more important than an animal's.... idiots! in the name of politics and some religion based beliefs on cow as an idol doesn't necessarily mean to go on killing or harming humans! peace be with every religion... modi govt sucks
We  have no face in eyes of the rest of the world. The UP chief minister and his band of gundas are sitting warming their back side. Supporting the cow boys . Shame on them.
Idiotic article written by a ""flagbearer of feminism""! KJ's response was quite good. He chose not to insult Kangana on his show as she was a guest, he didn't edit that part and he explained his view on another platform with a dignity, unlike shallow Kangana who went crazy when Hrithik disclosed her cheap emails to the world. Albeit Kangana has earned her position but so have many newcomers that are not from industry background. SRK never played a 'nepotism victim' card and he rules the industry on his merit. Kangana said something without knowing actual meaning of it, to which KJ responded later in his personal capacity. Now persons like the author of this article are the ones who will play feminist cards and pretend victimization in tabloid journalism. Pathetic!
shame madam you are smiling where as your kids are being hit by Delhi Police shame.
Presstitude Indian express
"" law in their own hands""? They are not taking law in their hands rather they are are creating an atmosphere of lawlessness in the country.
Ha ha Sun of a Beach lol!!!
Because all rakshak are rapist.
Maam Nalini Owaisi too is a veryyy criminal minded and ill minded person, who is always there to raise religion conflict, nd i criticize him too.. i m nt sying Sonu Sir intentions were bad bt m sying that his execution approach cud hve been different... Just bcoz one person is doing bad dsnt mean another have to stoop to that level too..
your fight is against the poor and underprivileged and for rich and corporates.
Anna Hazare has turned out to be the biggest fraudster...His RSS links are now directly exposed. What a let down this bhooddddhhaaa is for the great nation India.
No rip Telugu industry... Because baahubali is done now.... Now crappy movies all over again😂😂😂
Although Rahul and Modi are poles apart. One talks nonsense and other appears master but both deliver same result.
Stupid argument Maneka !! Grow up and let others to grow...
What Govt of Delhi is doing? Why Delhi elected an idiot who doesn't work and only talk.
Mohamed Sakhir So those who certified a majority of people as Hindus are idiots.Then who are they?Will they take accountability for having done so?
Hi Sonia. Asked yesterday about AVIATION. And today INDIGO UP 4%
Nahaz Ali....even we love porks eating infront of muslim pigs
It seems like they are keen to copy and show themselves not as softcore, peace advocating hindu. But similar to Shariya, Taliban and aggressive form of Islam. Are we loosing our core values just to the name of having threat from Islam. Are we becoming the one we hate the most. These questions comes frequently to my mind these days.
Prashanth Yogiswara like u were watching??? u give me the logic ....such casualties happen during cross border fire.....to mutilate a body u need to have dat body in ur custody.....if u think pakistanis crossed the border and mutilated then ask ur soldeirs start wearing bangles......and if ur soldiers were on our side then must ask the relevant authorities what was they doing here.......omg I never thought I wud hav to explain this in so detail.....start eating some healthy food....cow piss is quite detrimental to ur brain😂😂😂
He is where he is just because the killings of innocent MUSLIMS
Dear pars trivedi ji Hindustan hum sab k balidaan se azaad huwa h wo alag baat h hum Muslims ki baat nahi krte .wrna khoon toh hum ne b diya h apne Hindustan.. Aap logon se zaada hum desh bhagat h. Hum KO dekhawa krne ki zururat.. Aap samajdaar lagte ho but aap k comment se lagta h aap secular ka khalaaf h. Jai hind...let's make India great together
All media is turning this patriotic message into political one.. shame on you media... I lost d trust on media today.. this is worst compliment that media can ever accept..
Dude, stop watching too many movies, esp c grade Bollywood nonsense and nth grade of your domestic ones.
This comparison was initiated by Mr Kharge and people get agitated when Mr Modi gave the reply in their own way which was a slap on Their face.
Nobody has given fatwa against you. Check it properly and then loud your voice. Today media is misleading the facts. Check it in NDTV  who have been sorry for there act and taken the responsibility for wrong rumors.
Jokers and idiots ...
Anna ji why are you not questioning BJP for Vijay Malya 9000 crore fraud? Don't tell me that Congress has given loan to him.. Any govt. Would've done that for the big corporate of that time.. but who let him run away? And who waived his huge loan? Do you've guts to ask them?
we show patriotic feelings on 2 days out of 365 otherwise we #eat#sleep#rave#repeat. every indian should fight against #naxellism n terriorism......
I think some horror show is going on here 😂😂
Why Indian govt is tolerating these hurriat pigs. Until and unless these pigs are made curry  there can't be peace in the valley. They will keep on financing to the stone pelters.
Why have hindus become so cheap and low judging from.their comments. Hope it's only a small section of the community . It is these bhakts who had influenced trump on hating Muslims. They don't know. These Hindu morons living in the US will face hell if only all Muslims ,Hispanic ,Latinos,Mexicans and other coloured communities including blacks find out about this which they will very soon . Then life will become hell for these opportunist  scum.
Are kyu nhi order dete ki maro salo ko ghus k
Do they carry a tag that who is radical and who is not till they do fidayeen attack by crying Allahu Akbar 😡
Dude chill out. Go pour some water on your burnt ass. The statement you are making is so subjective. Stop spouting non sense.
rubbish kumar is happy but  What will be future impact of Kanhaiya ?? This question is targeted to those who are seeing a new Avtar in him against Modi...giving speech in JNU is ok...but what will be impact in electoral politics....for getting elected as MP or MLA he will fight in Bihar thus cutting into votebank of Nitish or Lalu...if he accepts Kejriwal as his supremo by joining AAP then maximum he can be a MP (but under kejriwal..so no effective dent in Modi popularity as kejriwal is already doing that to his best)...So my dear friends...do not read much in Kanhaiya avtar...but thanks to this episode all traitors have come to limelight...In media also..now complete divide has emerged...nationalist like zee news india news india tv newsX timesnow...and traitors like NDTV aajtak news24 abpnews cnnibn india today....it is for us to keep the discourse continue and expose these leftists on continuous basis...daily some dose of comments on their activities and also social resistance to all such JNU students by locals and staff of JNU will go a long way in exposing them...if we attack on the base if this leftist ideology (JNU)..then all demeaning of nationalism and hindu thinkings can be responded effectively...
Vb Mishra Agreed Sir, believe you me I have also studied Islamic books but never taught and seen this 72 hoors wala logic. I think It is specifically is for jihadis books 😂😂. The one who is Muslim will never kill even a aunt for no reason. They all got hypnotised to do all this.
He is role model for other parents.for  Any religion or caste. I salute this father. On the other hand, not related to this case the suspected  dadri victim aklaq who was lynched by accused was wrapped in try colour by parents and associates. These things in some type encourages also needs to be stopped and condemned.
He is a stupid...
What rubbish u r talking about?Muslim.are peaceful ,the whole worl d is affected by ur peaceful act.as far indian muslims are concern Its all due to some of ur muslims the whole community comes under lens, definitely its wrong but  u can't deny that people are there within ur community who endorse pakistan overwhelming and they know that u can do  in india and get away.Do any pakistani muslim endorse india he or she will has to make his or her aay to the jannat.
Samarth Syal Prasad Packirisamy before u guys kill yourself with sugar
Raj Kumar what a baseless comment Only Hindu's care for animals? really? why cant u just say cow? Everybody loves animal but our first  priority is towards human.
This is cunning  thinking  this how  u come limelight again. Abuse Muslims and Islam u will become hero in Modi's India. Fascists ideology is spreading like  viral infection
Mouth firing can be but Pakistan will wipe you out .i think Now have better chance to hit randians economically by Muslim unity.
Someone should go and do a reality check in his neighborhood...and check the facts..and ask others.
First and foremost this is a cultural issue of basic morals and ethics.  All the laws are there but no one abides or reinforces them.  The biggest crime in India is being poor!  Nothing else because all criminals get away with it all since they tend to have money!
Ankur Srivastava...Dont talk about UAE if u dont know....Here Hindu Muslims sikh and christen all have same right of relegios freedom...Inspite of its a Muslim Country... here we have temples , churches and Guruduaras all have right to follow their religion..here ganesh chturti holi dewali guru parv christmas all festivals being celebrated with full freedom....India is a Secular and And biggest Democracy in the world....thats you cant stop to follow anyone to follow his  religiuos rituals.....weather anyone is disturbed or not...should respect each other religious rituals....than only we can live peacefully....hope u understand...thanks
Congress party should not be compared with BJP. The reason Congress is Gandhi's party controlled by Gandhians. And BJP is his killers party of godse the terrorist.
Pure form of madness, irrelevance and hypocracy.
Check statistics CPIM lost more cadres in Kannur due to the attack of RSS.& don't spread lie,all the accused cadres are from same religion & from same caste-Hindu Theeyya.
dnt like ths guy .is he dnt have shame to marry a double deckar women?and nw puting coin in the name ofgoon.
Arnab Ray aka Greatbong writes on how his literary pursuits are affected because he is seen as a ""Hindu Right Winger"".   ""Our media is dominated by people of certain ideological persuasions for whom anyone not deeply critical of Modi is automatically a baby-munching, kitten-killing, genocidal spawn of the devil. ""
You should be prosecuted for being anti Indian ,Kindly mend your words
And here is another rubbish story, always anti national, shame on you
Hitler won by a thumping majority..The Germans are still penitent of how they let Hitler allow them to hate the Jews because his philosophy dictated it.
Chup BC teri Shakl dekh DP me Shakl se Hi Randi ki aulad lagta h 😂😂😂😂
Fake
Of course they are paid but not by BJP . If it is so than praising non BJP parties in their daily column wouldn't have been their main agenda.
mr. gandhi mr. modi has tried something but your party encouraged some nonsense people who are the real enemy of our country. you party gifted our country a DOLL prime minister who acted on behalf of your party. i think you have no right to speak against mr. modi
Mr. Prime Minister,  please explain why you don't want the political parties to declare their source of wealth.
India should attack Pakistan for reciprocation
Pak Army intruded into Indian terrirtory, killed your soldiers, had some laugh cup of tea with biscuits, mutilated their bodies and went back to their barracks, now tell me while this all rubbish was happening what were your border forces doing watching mia khalifa and sunny leone?
Evm set hai BJP hit hai aur jab dalle ABP ka ho saath to darne ki kya baat.
Arnav Singhji Isnt timing is the key factor here???? Dont know your location, but here in amravati we arent allowed to play loudspeaker after 10:00 pm to morn 7-8...But dont know how other (non hindus are exempted from timings)...Still fighting for Uniform Civil code...
Why Indian jawan get killed everytime, Im sure they are not trained properly, or they scared to fired, ya phir peisa dekar jawan ban raha hai, aakhri saash tak larne ki takat hona zaruri hota hain Jawan keleye, Im not saying only today news bt every day our soldier die in the hands of Terrorist is been too much.
Where has that joker/paglait who goes by the name Anna Hazare (undercover agent+Ex Havildar truck driver of The Indian Army) disappeared &makes selective noises & at whose behest??!! Incidentally he also had the then Serving Army Chief Gen. V.K. Singh licking his boots@Jantar Mantar to make his Political Career post retirement. My take is that this mystery begs for immediate solving & the outcome made public!!
These spunk less politicians have no pride or self respect , they have compromised the morale of the Armed Forces firstly 7CPC not yet implemented for them, Disability Pension not yet settled, OROP Bluff not settled yet to.declare full OROP,  NFU denied .How do these politicians think being a politician is a greater responsibility than attaining Martyrdom as a soldier as Said By Shah the BJP President is it not shameful. Why will the soldier put his neck out and get killed or injured when the Government of the Day is not bothered for them.  MR MODI WAKE UP TO THE REALITY .
He is mad was mad and will be mad never heard anything positive from his dirty mouth. He will simply lick ass of his bosses and bark
Jinnah was a pork eater is eating pork allowed in Islam. U people call him Qaed e Asam. Lol....Pork eater
I am aghast at this praise showered to Erdogan. This guy is nothing but a fascist dictator. If Modi is bad, this guy is worse. The degree of treachery cannot be a function of religion.
Well 10th fail son of corrupt convicted politician as deputy CM was new hope... https://www.google.co.in/amp/indianexpress.com/article/opinion/columns/bihar-has-been-transformed-from-the-graveyard-of-revolutions-to-a-source-of-new-hope/lite/
Few comments here show how civilized the thoughts of their owners are.😲  I am shocked when it is these people again who speak about Great Culture of India ..  But who shall tell them it is demeaning the country & its people..  when they are nt even human (forget being decent) while commenting on an intellectual who dreamt of a Just World.. 😓  Pity u ppl..  U can never imagine his dreams !! Neither u can understand them😊
India's surgical strike was fake... what about US surgical strike against Osama...any answer
Checked the columnist's name. And u will get what the article says. U won't need to read any further.
this one is a fraud case ! mc dojo .
Let's not discuss Hindu this and Muslim that. Bottom line is there should not be any practice of loudspeakers creating nuisance . it disturb lots of people like patient, students, business etc.
what govt is waiting for?? why don't issue an order to carried out appropriate action against enemy.
Muslims way better than casteist,bigoted  north Indians
Wait for state eide protest agitations. How the isl is killing the kolkata clubs, by making it not possible for them to participate is opression of highest caliber. Asking kolkata teams to play out of kolkata. National media is quite about it. But the oepole wont.
Govt. need money to fund their pre-poll populist policies to win 2014 election... rather than reviving their own mismanagement of funds, reducing corruption etc govt. is just increasing prices in the name of cutting subsidies which will only result in increasing inflation n not help to decline budgetary loss ... god save Aam aadmi
Reality check - No fatwa against Nahida, No one has issued any fatwa. Media has dragged this girl. It is pamplet published to request to shift the programme to another place as masjid is present on that place. Just a pamplet and media goes mad, starts calling mullah, Jihaadi,ISIS,  etc etc. Cheif minister tweets about it. Media come with facts, don't expose yourself with your hate.   Nahida, Islam never gives anyone to stop or issue fatwa against their perosnal intrest. It is the media of this country misinformed you.
Demonetization is like burning the whole house to kill  few rats.
Let's us see your fellow Americans can perform or not the way Indians perform  Don't forget crazy man .... your country is ran by immigrants and can only run by immigrants
Vodafone 3G/4G is slower than idea 2G
Mr Modi  u took bribes and made your cash and now you want to screw the pupblic ? your finished take or leave it.
Even reservation should be cancelled.. Its being miss used nicely.. People who deserve it do not get it and who does not need it,enjoys it..
Aniruddha prasad why don't you go and run the government
You sing well... But don't ""think""  well.... 😁😁😁
Unless banks in India are fraud free digital economy will be number one fraud, the whole demonetisation was to loot and help banks (owned by ministers and their thugs) to survive.
Indian Express has lost its credibility since very long.I used to read it regularly in my college days when Frank Moraes was its editor. It circulation out-beated that of TOI then. Now it is congees mouthpiece.
Salute to Sonu for showing the courage and speaking what many of us felt several times. The sickular (Islamist) presstitutes should stop branding him communal.
thats asolutely right,saudis are the biggest culprit o terrorism...their  wahabism is non compatible with other religion
Our army should enter Pakistan and bring 10 heads of there soilder
rong news
Sorry state of affairs indeed. Sure NDTV reporters, helped that greiving father, with some possible assistance from their side.
After this statement,Indians right now Digvijaya Singh is ghadar,Desh roi,ISI agent & all that it is the mentality of Indians.
Yes exactly and your mom too was entertaining the porkistani halal dick
Good job !! Break the bones of these castigated ppl...
Yogi is not like u boot lickers of .......People gave their mandate to his party and they have chosen him so what ur problem is. Till date in India no goon becomes chief minister.
Communist jihadi. Don't teach secularism to us.
Let the dog bark sir ..you do your work .i am with you
NOW BJP WILL IMPLICATE AAP. TRYING BEST TO DEFAME N WIPE THEM OUT.
hindu u can't see pain of your own ppl these muslims r in minorities but hv created IM AND SIMI TO KILL HINDU U HV NOT SEE PAIN OF HINDUS IN PAK AND BANGALADESH U R JUST BEINF LIBERAL WE HV SEEN PARIS TO 9/11 IN QURAN NON MUSLIMS R TERM AS KAFIR IT'S SAID IN QURAN TO KILL KAFIRS WE CAN'T BE MORE TOLERANT NOW IT'S MATTER OF EXISTANCE AS YAHUDI
We don't have any problem with loudspeaker on mosque till Muslim don't oppose same in temple..... BUT before Sonu nigam there were so many incident from UP and WB where peace-loving community object loudspeaker use during Hindu festival and even they object 🔔 in temple in UP because there religion don't allow  to here that (according  to them)And even SP gov recruite police to insure that nobody use bell in temple but at that time NO SECULAR voice object that....... Hmm
we should not trust these dogs. Let they be taught a lesson.
u r a fool that day will ce when u.will repent what u said.u.r.behaving like opposition party
""Tough Competition For Royal Enfield"" Hahaha Seriously?? Cracked Me Up..
From 75 seats to 84 for shiv sena is very big win. But 82 seats from 31 is a small matter. Good reporting sabbash The Indian express. Perhaps they are also ammused that shiv sena  could retain so many seats in the wake of BJP Tsunaami.
Finally this guy opened his mouth with a foul smell.
Anna! Aravind trying to change politics at least. He is not sat idle like you. Once I was your big fan. But after your statement I felt very sad about you. He is not getting support from media and central. You should see and support him instead of "" Bollywood dialogues"".
Mr Abhay,majority of Keralites are Hindus.. You people are spreading news like they were killed by CPIM and others. Am asking you a simple question..Then why Keralites elects CPIM again and again instead of BJP ???  99 percent literacy here so don't think Keralites are fools like you..
Yes u n media r wid pseudonatinal RSS chadiwale
100 tak news only bjp news Aaj take = bjp tak
Secularism has been a curse upon Hindu and Hinduism. Muslims got Islamic state in 1947, what Hindu people got? A Congress made secular state, which ultimately used in curbing the progress and unity of Hindu people. Hindus are facing a threat because of the folly of such past leaders, who , unfortunately were Hindus.
Very sad!! Shame! !! Now all nonsense fake secular intulactuals/ politicians are silant! !! Nobody returning awards! !! For Babri Mashjid,  many nonsense are crying but for Hindu,  fake seculars are silant! ! Shame! !
Will some one tell here that if it was through mortar fire or gun fire from accross the boarder or LOC....how come the bodies were mutilated????? They were hit from a distance ...right... or Indian Army is accepting the fact that Pak army cross the LOC and killed their soldier...??? Question is it means that it was a real surgical strick from Pak ... and it has been happening continueosly for quit some time ...how could you cant protact yiurself ...?????? Pathetic Army #Rapendian Army
The ancestors of Digvijay singh were SPYING for British ...I strongly believe ...he is currently Spying for Pakistan...in India
Does it mean all working women's kid are puppy??
Selection of words shows how deep is your burning... Get some burnol IE..Buy a stock for your editors also... You will need them for pretty long time....
Only one picture all Indian media using. Showing Terrorist Modi in style and with fake news plus fake surgical strikes
Hope you felt pain for the loosers one and you might have realized how people of kashmir feel pain when they lose their beloved?
WE, THE PEOPLE OF INDIA, having solely resolved to constitute India into a SO-VERY -INWARDLY SO-CLASSIST SUCKULAR DEMO-CRAFTIC RAPE-OFTHE-PUBLIC and to secure to all its citizens: IN-JUST-AS-IT-IS, social, economic and political; LIBERTY, from freedom of thought, expression, belief, faith and worship; EQUALITY for WEALTHY POWERFUL; and to promote CORRUPTION among them all FATALITY assuring the IN-dignity of the individual and the unity and THIS-integrity of the Nation; IN OUR CONSTITUENT ASSEMBLY this twenty-sixth day of November, 1949, DO HEREBY ADOPT, ENACT AND GIVE TO OURSELVES THIS CONSTITUTION.
Bloody murderer
Accept it ladies... feminism is overrated nowadays... n yes in the name of feminism... many women's play victim card. And she is not targeting working moms. It was asked from her about her career so she said that she wants to spend more time with baby aftr tough pregnancy n can start career later. Stop word war on each and evry celebrity statements plz. Its their view .. they are not targeting common ppl or forcing them to follow same. Chill and live the way u want.  Peace ☮
Arre useless idiot dog remark started by Kharge.pm has been highly sophisticated in his comments.u opp is only communal esp u azam.
So that's what we did in past years waisted milk on nothing who ever did this they should give to poor guys  You all motherfukers who like this picture 😡😡
Delhi is failed state!
No surgical strike war War war this parasite should be removed from earth.... Then only peace can prevail
Just shut your mouth,we Indian always stood for innocent Palestinian people... your Benjamin Netanyahu is a mongrel crossbreed race prime minister stolen 90 percent of Palestinian land and he is a war criminal
SK Bill Carney  Maybe Dave has no knowledge of ""There never has been a ""Palestine"". Suckers buy into it.
Shame on her for giving such a destructive statement. It gives an impression that shez embarrassed that shez nt a working women n in that spur of a moment shez trying to pacify her thoughts that her daughter isn't a puppy n dat she has to b with her at all times. Which mother would want to leave her child n go out. My mom has been a house wife thru out bt i have an immense respect for working women. In the wake of satiating the desire of her children n family a lady steps out,had all the women too b blessed with such a humongous wealth n all the desires being fulfilled at a single call then all the women would have sat back conveniently n see how beautifully their children grow. Had an immense respect for her earlier as she was perceived to be a simple girl bt no not now.
Now you're living foreign and as a Fukisthani you facing harassment in your life Bcoz world know where Laden found and which country is safe heaven of Terrorist .......:-) :-) :-)=### Present world from 100 terrorist 90 from Your country....... That's why you're in depression and you thinking your Army doing surgical strike ..:-)#
Riya Biswas sometimes thousands of ppl celebrate burhan wani, attend funeral of yakub memon. cleanse entire valley of infidelity(of pandits) and harvests souls of tribal to fight tyrannical indian state-to set up christ rule(nagas) sometimes immersion rituals of puritan hindus gets banned by secular govt, sometimes ppl are bombed (thats fall beyond ambit of minoritarianism) sometimes 58 ppl are charred to death  ....making them realize they are as vulnerable as their ancestors were  sometimes ppl cry at batla house encounters...so list is really long.
Stupid govt all ambulances gone to rescue cows and pigs
They are trying to demoralize him. BJP workers will continue to work for Modi ji. We need his strong leadership.
Idiotic and selfish indians and indian medias
Because it failed but you are shamelessly trying to use surgical strike for political gains.
each one of the mob must be givn death penalty
Best man in politics is AK, he deserves to be supported if we want corruption free Delhi, andhbhakt keep on barking
The biggest surprise for me was protection of civil services from investigation. That was a mockery of all he had done to fight corruption.
This is called ( ghar mai ghus k marna ) Stupid rapist pissing toilet less Randians Lundians Indiots Gandoostanies ppl & this is  real surgical strikes  .9ow say Gay-Hind. Lol
Hamesha elections k time pe Bjp ki reports aati hai wo bhi sirf AAP k against or kisi party k against nahi aati itni strict or Anna pagal ka bayaan bhi elections k time pe jaroor aata hai or bevkoof log or bevkoof ban k khush ho jaate hai :D
When Hindu villages are burnt this ""B' channel & its presstitutes keeps quite.
Rohit Sharma your comments are nauseating! Yuck!
Oh oh oh, boss on some major functions it is done not Ganesha pendal happens once a year, Azan is from every mosque with a loud speaker five times a day 365 days , what are comparing apples and oranges , of temple does so they also need to stop , special occasions these temples to take permission to have speakers , so u need to cut the crap , like am not here to support nonsense , if temples does every day they also need to bloody stop , special occasion it's fine with permission from authorities , so grow up and ask ur mullahs not woke up people at morning 5 Al with their azan's , no one has problem with Azan , problem is with loud speakers
Politician in India bla blaa blaaaaaaa blaa only....no action against dem....
Sir plz go back to pakistan.... U stay hapy ...nd let us stay happy :)
Mohammad....you guys please change your thinking...you can see America banned you guys. In future you guys will be banned in whole world.
Yh are you trying to create disruption in fraternity of hindus and muslims.Ppl like you deserve a bunch of slaps.
prooft itcthey are stealing .they killed muslim blaming they are stealing .put culprits under toture cell they will accept and tell truth .you cant hide truth .gunda raaj of bjp on infia.
Girls must act bold and slap these buggers in corporate.....
Court verdict also says India couldn't satisfied us on the case .
Never accepted such a stupid thing from your side....Shah Hasan
He is so habituated towards pseudo secularism that he thinks only that person can love Muslim who does azaan in his house. Otherwise he is anti Muslim.
All religions are free to practise their prayer....but..without loud speakers.... He is not deaf...so u can reach almighty\ allah..sans noise...
Hahaha all the time they bark. But BAT do the action
Marxism is totally irrelevant today n it has lost its glory on the fall of USSR n the rise of China since 1979.. .
Poulomi Paul she clearly bunked her gender studies classes in LSR. Lol I was very surprised to see girls from affluent business class family being forced into marriages after completing college(had a batch mate who reportedly resigned herself and anticipated her fate). Money doesn't guarantee privilege and progressiveness it seems. So sad
Who is she to advice!?
They are giving 28 to bap... Ridiculous... Exit polls are farce
So many of u r buried in syria and iraq. See for urself. Still u need proof. Stupid. Do not worry ur grave is also being made.
Nobody finish corruption.... According me  Corruption always start of politicians
I think need to send him AGRA  best option Sala pichle allegation lagaye unka Kya Hua chutiya pakhandi hunger of publicity abe 2 cr dene wala bhi mil gya doob mar ab
This is called chutiyapa and cheap trp of media.
This idiot is in a profession where loud music are played everywhere but this idiot is disturbed with 2 minute Azaan....All bollywood do party till midnight 3AM with loud music and drum but no disturbance and now he is disturbed with just two minute Azaan
This monkey will be hanged anyway.
That is fine.....but why are you doing the job of a street dog???
Kerala has the most literacy rate.That should be enough to judge them by being united against this stupidity and unsecular communal disruption created by BJP.
MAULANA IS INSANE OLD IDIOT
His intention  may be right but to isolate a single religion is bad.
You have money misuse it
This news is a day  old. Now Army has destoryed 2 Pakistani posts killing 7 Pakistani Soldiers. Why NDTV is showing news of yesterday  repeatedly. This will show our army as weak.
""....but in mob it happens!!!"" Seriously? What a shameless thought! Anyways, what else one can expect form an RSS sympathiser!
A big slap on those faces who r against demonitisation
Atleast AK jumped in the well in an attempt to make changes...unlike this joker and self styled gandhian whose only agenda was to unseat UPA...
The news media has risen to a new high of Corruption they openly mislead the American people by outright lying about who shut down the Government. They put no spin open unashamed lying.
it is because of category , rural service and difficult area thick minded doctors who can't even make a simple diagnosis ,
No BJP. You are trying cheap tricks in a wrong place. You cant get religious support everywhere you see. Not every citizen is a Bhakt.
Is it the same God's own country where stray dogs are let loose on streets in the night on strange creatures called human beings?
Where r those People who protested against snapchat. . Don't these issues concern them?
ur Liar Army failed u ...
Delhi BJP Chief #ManojTiwari's house ransacked, intruders caught on CCTV...........wow what a breaking news .Paid Media.....
Will assess if industries ready for Industrial Revolution 4.0: Commerce Minister
This is the height of immoral and illiterate politician..
Kick Murali Vijay & Virat Kohli out of the team.
^Definitely a noob in for a KBW. Back off.
Pak Army intruded into Indian terrirtory, killed indian soldiers, had some laugh cup of tea with biscuits, mutilated their bodies and went back to their barracks, now tell me while this all rubbish was happening what were indian border forces doing watching mia khalifa and sunny leone?
Johar is a joke
I love ur voice but not the stupid words..we people just use speaker for maximum ten minutes and wat about ur festivals..U BJP people are all same..
Omer Majeed krishna never had sex with these women unlike mohmmad chutiya who had sex with 6uyr ayesha , krishna rescued 16000 women from a demon narkasura
Anna hajare nahi anna hai o hajamat karne walun ka unpad gawaar kuch nahi pata  bhode ko BJP ka dalaal hai saala
It is catch 22 situation for Pak
ABVP is one of the dirtiest organisation in D's country , they should be banned for spreading hatred among different community.  They r not afraid of even threatening women folk , they do it at the behest of their masters in centre.  Bring arvind kejriwal ji next PM of D's great country , he wll repair all the damages done by modi.
He is nothing but another Chaddy..  Am amuse to know this has become trend India those whoever jobless start abusing Muslim and their practice and come into news shame on sonu nigam and the people like him for killing the Indian spirit,  here in my town there s a masjid and temple side by side during Ramadan In Fajar time they put bhajans  at Fajar time in loudspeaker we didn't complain how can these stupidity ruining India..  Now we got one more singer like abhijeet..  Congratulations nigam to show world u don't have work..
Pigistani reality is that they are the best toilet cleaner of gulf  ;)
people of wb will remove fat from outrageous bjp goons
Abe gadhe he is accused not guilty,lalu was guilty and not just accused
Polorisation politics by BJP
I can say u only ignorant people
Tryring to get into limelight Mr nigam... I am a Hindu..i Don't have a problem with azaan.. We r proud 🇮🇳 Indians...all r brothers n sisters.. Plzz don't make such statements that hurts other communities sentiments.. #love #respect is all we can give to everyone...
anna hazare fell guilty that because of his good cause some crap got in power.
Surgical strike by Pakistan. Idiotistan and cow rakhshaas please check your cows are safe.
Yup having no news page like u without toilets how u barking  😀😀
Mr President your silence has ruined our country
@Suvodip : You can't expect better from people suffering from transnational identity.They have issues with national anthem of India, but they feel proud to praise Erdogan, as if they are Turks themselves.
What a nonsense comment.
Communists r biggest massacrers of d wrld,nt Modi e.g. By Mao Tse Tung in China+By Lenin in USSR+By maoists in Indian hinterlands.Bt I dnt support modi either
Bhagat is ridiculous
We fail to understand why media pay attention to such people. We need to isolate him then only they understand what is their value
Well Said...Sonu Sir!!! LoudSpeakers weren't invented in the medieval period and in the time of Allah there wasn't this nonsense of forced religousness!
Now the corruption will be by the banks. Did no one pay attention to the economic crash of 2008 in the US?
Now it is a proof that congress Bhakto r not only deaf and dumb but also mentally unstable as they r not remembering Allahabad court decision against Indira Gandhi in which she was banned for fighting election for 7 yrs as she won election by malpractice
Mira dont be confident that Shahid will be with u forever. If he someday leaves u...u will have nowhere to go. Either become a liability for ur father or take a hefty alimony & enjoy life. Be indipendent & specially financially indipendent so that ur not dependent on anyone. Instead of being proud of urself u should b ashamed of such statement made towards working indipendent women.
I knw u hv got mental disorder.. Get well soon 🔜
The future of our country is not seemed to be safe in the hands of the government, the deaths of Indian soldiers, disrespect of our nation is now common in our country. still the government bodies (present/past) are engaged in encountering the responsibility instead of encountering the problem. So a kind request to the government is that,  please maintain the dignity of our country or if you are not able to do this, we want to request all citizens of India to support for the rejection of present government of India and support for Army Law until we will not find a stable situation.
http://indianexpress.com/article/india/fatwa-issued-against-reality-singing-star-nahid-afrin-by-42-clerics-4569825/    Dear Indian Express, I feel sorry to write that your journalists are out there to misinterpret events and present them in a distorted manner just to make some sensational headlines. The news about upcoming singer Nahid Afreen has been prepared without proper research and investigation. It was very sad to see that your journalists don't even know the difference between fatwa and appeal.  A fatwa is a non-binding legal opinion issued only by a qualified jurist (Mufti) on a request by someone who is unable to understand religious guidelines whereas the leaflet that is being circulated and presented as Fatwa is just a hard copy of an appeal signed by 46 men who believe in religious practices. The merit of appeal can be discussed on many grounds and in many dimensions but first and foremost, an appeal can not be called a legal opinion (Fatwa).  We expect apology from your side for such a mistake.
Its not equal u fool . Brahmanism is the worst curse in Hinduism u should bloody know it u ignorant stupid bhakt.
Pathetic decision
Modi too is a Narcissist  Führer ... Brush up your Nonsensical knowledge of Middle East and about Syrian War. We understand your Hate towards Muslims and the Muslim World. But keep Shut when you are not aware of the ground realities. Sirf isliye bakwaas karni hai ki Muslims are involved. Pity your sick and Hateful Mentality.
Anna Hazare is clearly a victim of Yellow Journalism and Polarised Politics.. even he doesn't aware of who is Mr. Shunglu ?? And finally he lost his courage to oppose Govt after getting Benefited by them. Please don't do that because like u more Idiots are there to spread Lies. Without knowing the fact
PS: And if u can't knock, please don't also blow it shouting ""Allahu  Akbar."" 😑😑😒
Do your mothers, wives, sisters and daughters practice such Tantric art? Ours is a cUntry of perverts.
Joker indian army All time looser of Wars & fooling its Public that they destroyed our bunkers??? Really??? 😄😂😂😂😂😂😂
Best idea is, mute the live stream, its hurting the ears
Let Kanhaiya die if he is a victim; Big DEAL .... See our BRAVE HEARTED SOLDIERS DIED for our nation and this is forgotten by SOLDMEDIA & now they are creating BIG NEWS at JNU & Hyderabad CAMPUS are these MEDIA really true & patriotic & loyal to this country ?  SOLDMEDIA don't have any concern of any SOLIDER FAMILY how much facilities are provided to them what is the FUTURE course of action to their family ..... BECAUSE SOLDMEDIA is SOLD FOR MONEY not FOR COUNTRY nor they stand for  NOTHING EXPECT MONEY....
I wonde who r listening his crap man ki baat! thats too in radio😬 Soldiers r dying in border n PM is sitting for radio speech
Funny woman right. ..saying dumb stuff
THAT IS CALLED INTOLLERANCE.. NOW GET IT
Bomb all the porky Army camps in the border...Right now...#deathtoPakistan...
Idiot  newspaper Bjp came to 81 from 31. Shiv sena came to 84 from 75.  Its BJP massive win.. Shiv sena cam to know its place..
Great decision but prestitutes will design some new frames saying he was innocent citizen
Y don't these bhakts don't save gau which is dying in tamil nadu????? After Modi sarkaar came only gau are being kidnapped, n humans are beaten .....
RSS is an anti India anti costitution fascist organisation which believes in Hindu Rashtra.
What are you waiting for...? We are paying around 2 lakh crores from our tax money for defense, kill 10 pak solders in response...
By saying secular who is ndtv referring to? Inc was never secular.. They just borrowed from British the divide and rule policy and implemented it here.. They never allowed all the communities to unite thru their so called secularism
Sir u plz go to nepal...U stay hapy...nd let us stay happy
A pathetic case of unemployed uneducated youth being  drawn in to terrorism. Please stop Madrassa educations and  send them to normal school when they are young. They can do religious studies while growing up on the sides
He is correct but partly, jagran to durgapuja ...every thing is deadly disterbing. Azan bhi without loud speacker bajna chahiye.
Pakistan is the beggary of Hindu religion & your sir name is not Ghauri but it is Aghori
Meanwhile ...barkha and other lady contacted Bhai Jaan to deport them to their native place Pakistan... bcz if they follow any other roUte ..they will die of embarrassment....
This author must be in great pain. After Yogi's elevation. Written with an acid pen. Such animosity!!!! Cool down PBM. Take a breath. Heaven s are not going to fall.we know you are part  of that Cabal working in Delhis Lutyen circle. Your days are over. 🌄
Pakistan is beggary of Hindu religion & you bagger never satisfied with the aid of world community. You are Aghori
Why only Ak guys..... why are you ignoring the rest of content..... bloody cowards
I have a Government license gun, please give me a chance to kill these Bloody Pakistani in the worse way. You better understand Pakistan what a Tribal can do your death body. I will eat up your Pakistani death body to fulfill my desire to finish up the Terrorism
Nation feel cheated....shame on u people...modi and co.....u people cannot go beyond this level....I think this gov't have crossed all the line...and nationalism is left faarrr behind the hindutva
Lol. Wtf? Comparing 5*365 times per year with 20 times per year for other religions?
Great editorial  and I fully condemn it but why you people's are  not biased to   only those matters which suits your interest
very worst situation .
ulta man always think ulta idea...mr. fake id.
Yes france killed 40 pigs jihadis. U r ryt pigs should be killed.
indian army mutilated 10 thousand kashmiri innocent as we have 10000 unnamed graves . who will revenge india . look they wr not militants  or army men . they wr innocent .
Stop dividing people !!  U secular
Kunder has a sexy wife but that asset doesn't entitle him to claim carte blanche.He should weigh his words before speaking .Yogi Adityanath is an overwhelming  choice of people and Kunder should learn to respect  people's mandate
WORST  PRESTITUES ORGANISATION IS INDIAN EXPRESS, IT SHOULD EITHER CHANGE ITS NAME OR WE PEOPLE OF INDIA WILL  CALLED THIS ANTI HINDU ,ANTI NATIONAL  MEDIA ORGANISATION AS BLUFF ORGANISATION AND PRO MUSLIM, PRO PAKISTANI.
Anna is a fudu person. He said that he was right in not joining AAP but can he join any other party.
A few words from the core my Heart... ============================== ============= Narender Modi is not a messiah as we all used to think but he is just another corrupt politician who has worn the mask of ""Harbinger of Good days"". Shame on him. He is doing nothing except making fool to our innocent countrymen. Now lemme prove my points. When Modi would campaign for his party BJP (bhartiye jumla party) in 2014 general election, he promised that he would solve the case of Naxalites/ Maoists. He promised that he would solve Kashmir issue and abrogate article 370. He promised that he would solve the problem of OROP for army men. He promised to rebut Pakistan in the harshest way possible. He promised to give we youngsters a job/a secured career. He promised to protect every woman from monsters. He promised to eliminate corruption. He promised to make India great again..He promised to bring LokPal...He promised to bring back black money from Swiss bank... But it's irony that he has done just opposite to what he had promised a couple of years ago. He has not fulfilled even a single promise that he made to us...I was also one of those who were die hard fan of Mr. Modi but today when I see the condition of our country, I feel jittery...I think he has cheated all of us... Our Jawans are being killed by bloody Naxals/Maoists or by incorrigible Pakistan..We youths are being deprived of jobs by scrapping many government posts and minimizing vacancy..This government is absolutely anti-government jobs...Farmers are committing suicide everyday...Women are being tortured openly...Nagaland and Kashmir are demanding freedom and shouting anti-India slogans in our national capital's JNU...China is making CPEC through Gilgit Baltistan without even caring for our concern.. I am asking u after all what do we have got by electing Mr. Modi ? Are we not cheated?? Still we all are happy and voting for Modi just because a few members of BJP are speaking against muslims and in support of Ram Mandir...Are we not fools?? Hating muslims is the only eligibility that forces us to support BJP?? Please realize the harsh truth that either BJP or Modi is not the party or the person we voted for..We have to change our perception...Our Jawans at the border are being mutilated and we are helpless..I am ashamed of my PM... Jai Hind.....
Modi denying to pass Jan lokpal doesn't shattered your dream you piece of sh_t.?you haven't made announcement of your RSS joining....why that?The same AAP that shattered your dream are protesting with the framers from Tamilnadu at Jantar mantar for last 2 weeks almost....haven't heard that?who stopped you from joining them?are they antinational or you are hibernating for last three years.?
Don't give impression while expressing your opinion that sonu nigam targets only one community... We all are Indians and be what we say
Well answered and great views given back to all illmature opposition who are behind selfish agendas. We are proud of our PM!
Anna's drama well known no one respect him further after his acting in all dramas
Hi Reema. What are your views on HCC? Their profits have taken a major dip.
Terrorism in Gujarat. .. And Gujarat govt failed to act on Gujarati terrorist
Drama king Anna...Opportunist
Ask ur boss china or else he will stop giving uh money..
Pls modi ji now it's over you have to take some serious action against this incident  because they don't stop attacking until we take some aggressive decisions we all Indians waiting for this
Ur comment is not understandable. Better improve your language first. I wonder to see engineers like u, who get fake degrees by cheating in exams in Kaffir countries.
Gandhi was himself  shame for India.  He is still on our currency note each government office.
what about all the attacks on civilians in muslim countries by america .are those women and children less important than americans .america is also a big supplier of arms to those countries  is that ok too?america unfortunaltly wants to rule the world
This is what you can expect when you cheat and swindle people in broad day light for more than 15 years .... Bharti Mittal become billionaire. Each and every subscriber of India whether prepaid or postpaid has been cheated....
How the  Pakistani soldier mutilates an Indian BSF jawan? By entering in to loc? Don't make fool of your nation.
Arvind kejriwal proved himself to b a very shrewd n cunning politician. He used many innocent n apolitical persons     like Anna Hazare,Prashant Bhusan n many other intellectuals n threw them all after achieving his aim.He hd his hidden agenda of capturing power. Now people can no longer believe any such simple looking person.He has proved himself as a fox of Indian politics.A big con.He conned people. Sooner or later he will know his worth. Only knows how to take postures.He ruined the future n careers of many professionals n educated youths, who hd left their jobs n careers n joined Anti corruption movement led by Anna.This kejriwal fellow dashed all hopes of these youths.He is a big shame,  hypocrat n betrayer.
What party do you support ? There is no option but bjp. The sooner people like you realise that the better.
Absolute nonsense.... we tolerated Four day Hanumaan jayanti celebration on loudspeaker 24hrs....
The BJP always comes up with schemes to brutally beat up muslim boys. Anti-Romeo squad is another one to target only muslim boys with false accusations just like they did gau raksha terrorists. One after another, they keep taking law in their hands and beating innocent muslim boys. BJP is a terrorist anti-national party.
Sirish Kunder the Joker..Slapped by SRK and lost his Brain..Talking absurd ..
Bad. Man
Y rate is so high of edible products, which can't afford by common man
Indian army attack on bank van  so bloody indian army 🐕 dogy
You're right - idiots like tushar kapoor, for that matter brats like sooraj pancholi have robbed chances off so many talented actors from even surfacing. What a shame.
All the opposition parties are joining to fight against Modi.All of these are replica of d o g and Modi a new spectacular item for them.Modi is special trying to mend the system of politics in our country.
Why these presstitude media is so partial ? Where you are when Bengal was burning and mob of Muslims burnes hundreds of houses of poor Dalits and OBC.
Now this farah's pet chick has started behaving like intellectual....No doubt its kalyug
Here again a SANGHI.... I think do your homework before opening ur mouth..there are 9% muslims in Indian Army Here are some examples so that ur SANGHI soch got shaken IH LAtif was head of Indian Air force, Brigadier Usman, Abdul Hamid,  Captain Hainfuddin, General Maroof Raza, Salman Qureshi, Mohd Sartaj of Dadri, Ismael khan and many more.....
Indian Express is anti Indian
If you are so interested say na....if it was a pig whole village would have come. How does that look? Stop the pretence.
the most fuked up thing is now the total %reservation in telgana is 62% ,wtf soon they will make it 99% nd generals will get 1seat out of 100,thats why never vote for the appeasers, vote for equality.
Where are all the barking dogs, creepy human rights even i will say why prime minister is not taking any step against these culprit.
You can see that Mr. Arvind Kejriwal have no words to the contribution of PM Narendra Modi towards corruption.... Stupid idiot!!!
Dumb Karan; i saw his struggling years when i saw him at the taj by vivanta in goa by the pool side with Sharukh khan...his formative years: so insecured.
Crass and foolish
Moron if they play bhajan at early morning it is wrong speak to temple people and get that bloody Mike shut and do the same with majsjid , u do it 5 times a day moron , it's unbearable , prophit didn't had Mike back in 6 lth elcentury and he never asked for the practice of Azan it's developed later to dominate other religion
Bro can you name a Muslim who killed a hindu in Kerala in the name of secularism? You sick head always are behind Muslims. What did Muslims did to you ? Moreover which hindu are you talking about? Just name Brahmin, Dalit, shudra etc: bcs as per Supreme Court there is no religion called hindu it's just a way of life
Take it anyway, The RE HIMALAYAN launch event was way better. This is becoming intolerable.
He is 9th powerful man in the world dont forget it everyone
Modi should settle his own case first. Mr modi geeeeee...  is also involved in such act. Tell modi ge about his wife.
I told already Cingus are the suckers aking with their branches
BC martyrdom isn't for Gaandoos.....Sent to Jahanum sould have been written.
He said absolutely correct  you will not see loudspeakers in usa , china , uk  r they not secular nation , sonuji hv full right of expression as any other citizens why these  moron hv problem show tolerance we hindu hv become impotent to speak truth 20%of muslims ruling is we r slave of our mind muslims r creating trouble that's a fact
Vishnu Tallapragada..I think you r found of porn so you enjoy such nude immoral paintings..Bittu Sharma..what about Krishna who married 1600 and raped women according to your epics
Muslim in india r most uneducated a agressive than other gulf country
WTF!! this headline have to do with video?
""What kind of culture is the Prime Minister promoting by referring to dogs and puppies in his statements. Will this facilitate ‘acchhe din,"" said Azam Khan
HDI? What is that? Must be some sickular conspiracy to show our glorious government in bad light. HDI is anti-national. I only believe in Whatsapp forwards certified by UNESCO.
To all Muslims..  Do not ever think all Americans are racist.  It's just the Republican party.. They are hippocrits
What can he do. It's not his fault alone. You fed religion into his mind when he was a child. A religion that urges to kill infidels and apostates. And he grew up to be a good Muslim, which means bad human.  And dear people of other Religions, you guys have no reason to feel any better. All religions are equally filthy.
and this time a new category will be coined for the for mrs gandhi...... NOBEL CORRUPTION PRIZE
One word for sonu... 'Shame'
Also we have Congress dogs whom are threat to Indian democracy...Shamles party
I think you belongs to the youngsters who already trained by Maulviyo. Otherwise you would not had been mention the nonsense. All story I mentioned try to understand. Ohhhh I forgot Already you made up your mind what to say & do whether Its bad no matter for you. I can understand. Its not your mistake
U guys he's a Hindu from India...they don't like muslims especially from Pakistan...he just full of crap
I was understand you are good and gentlemen but I was wrong...You have no right to say something like this about religion. you was my favourite singer. and now not... shame on you
bro...they r born & brought up in ISIS kind mentality....dont expect frm them....they can kill even their mother & father ....& mutiliate their body...
Fake
Bhakt if u dont have any work.. so try to help this types of people... 💓 less people....
Sonu Nigam I stay opposite to a temple.... ask me the pain of it..but the point is of unnecessary noise caused by all of this... it's nothing to do with being a #Hindu or a #Muslim
Kerala is becoming a unsafe State especially for women. CM must take action instead of blaming RSS.
Publicity stunt..
Prasad. Saint Sanghi..u shut up and get lost..😏
AS usual dogi bark like pigi dog.people of india whants rewreng not talk with enemi
I dot know who I'd was this in Bajaj lol Kill him now only
Sanjiv Sharma with ISIS terrists people like u also should be thrown out of our counttry.u r a disgrace to nation.country has grown up atleast to this level because of its secular nature.otherwise we wud have become a saudi arabia long bak. btw beef dry fry is really tasty
So foolish indians.....pak army cant do this shamful act .....i know them personally......
Again and again people like them showing there level Of mind...these are real terrorists...these people can bark only ....
He did we make the mistake of electing Congress for 10 years?
Actually they might be busy in watching porn of NADIA ALI .. Pakistani
Let BJP government  concentrate on border where our  soldiers are killing by Pakistan .. election is not a big issue than loosing our soldiers. .
Harami Porkistan always in denial mood, india must do same & burn them with garbage inshallah 👍🇮🇳👍
Once SRK slapped him. Then his wife begged for forgiveness to SRK for her livinghood. Wife earns for feeding husband & jobless hubby remains tweeting nonsense for some limelight.
first tell me how your army can reject pm ...on dawn leak....how your army chief has power to approve hanging
U open ur eyes and see around you how many Pakistan people have Pakistan army always have there for protect our Muslims brothers  Shame on u man only Muslims people can feed you people but you.........
no need to see bollywood movies Indian politics is like bollywood movies at every TV channels india is sick
Still better than choosing a mass murderer.
Bakchodi has been introduced to a whole new level 😂
What the hell U cant pinpoint a religion U hve right to speak about loudspeakers which is problematic But not cistigate the religion
When Indian army will give it back to piggistan all mullas will start crying. It FAKE . NOTHING HAPPNED ECT ECT .
If Mr Ravi Shankar was a muslim the very same law the very same  government treat him another.. infact there is nothing wrong but if he was muslim he must have been treated like a terrorist
Well it's should "" Pay To Mental "" please donate for his mental rehabilitation
How about that law in Sharia, if any one do not accept Muslims then they are to be punished and all the non-muslims called kafirs...
This is all Congress
those were isis indian muslims who fled there not indian hence
Sonu ji please stop this "" Baste of time"" 😀
Why the hell is Delhi Govt. doling out so much money? Mr. Kejriwal kindly stop misusing Delhi tax payer's money for your political agendas. Rather use this 2 cr to fund sports academies in Delhi.
Shame on bootlickers of Kejriwal like u
we Turkish pepole know modi is big basterd just doing acting against our President the hynas hide from lions
Because AAP can be a strong opponent of bjp in near future that's why they are using all their power to destroy AAP
You Mr vijayan & your party and support killing and murdering the voice of the people who are not agree with your ideology. Just like west Bengal your party will be uprooted ....wait &watch.
Its just a publicity stunt ...y v r fighting here 4 someones disgusting fault.??? First of all v all r human beings n came in dis world by one parent....now if they were hindu den v all r hindu n if they were muslim den v all muslims or others.  If someone saying something to Allah den its muslims fault who dosnt tell him about  ISALM is dat religion which called SANATAN DHARM in india.
Syed ! Really do you know the meaning of sentences which is in the azan!? If you are really a Muslim then give me reply and I will tell you why we are using mikes!Amit Manta , why not band pujas , ganesh chatravti in which the whole day you guys use DJ , did we say anything about these all! Why you all have problem with 5 minutes azan!
Yes. RSS spreading hateress and divide the people..
Stupid speech..by such speech poor people can't gets food...u r totally useless...just fooling poor people n playing with their feelings...stop nonsense speech..we all r independent people ...
India till now just did one surgical strike but what about Pakistan who regularly do ""surgical strike "" but our p.m is busy with other nation's p.m in signing deals and home minister just have 2 words every time ""Kadi ninda"". Nothing changed under fake ""56"" Ka senna "" gov. Rather it is getting worse day by day...fake P.M
INDIA #1 BEFF EXPORTER IN THE WORLD TO JO DAILY BEEF EXPORT KE LIYE LAKHON JAANWAR DAILY BASIS PAR KAATA JAATA HE AUR UNSAB KA BLOOD RIVERS ME JAATA HE TO UN FACTORIES KE MALIKON KO BHI MAAR DALO AUR FACTORIES BUND KARWA DO YE LOG PATA NSHIN DESH KO KAHAN LEKAR JAANA CHAHTE HE IS PYARE DESH KI UNNATI KE BARE ME SOCHE NA KI AAPAS ME LADANE KI .THANKS
Did the BJP ask you to go to Saudi??? You creepy brainwashed mullahs are preposterous....Saudi, for you guys, is your first home. You will get the taste of your medicine. Don't complain
Noor basha bro to be frank do u think Allah will like if u disturb others for ur prayer. Whatever u do without harming anyone emotionally and mentally, physically is called prayer. Talking about Hindu festival most of them are seasonal if anything on daily basis even hindu making noise to disturb anyone I don't support that
Kerala and its diversity including food practices is beyond the understanding of most North Indians. Here even Hindus eat beef as it's a cultural practice. What is also important to note is that Kerala tops in all human development indexes and governance in India and these cow mata Modi bhakts actually come from the poorest most backward illiterate states of India. So superstitious blind gau mata madness remains a North Indian phenomena. Kerala is still a heaven for rationalists. Please don't waste your intellect and time trying to change food practices here.
JNU students CPm wings should be ban in Delhi and arreast JNU students CPm wings all guys and the thsoe support professors immediately and send them Anadaman jail for 50 years
Anna drama company
U converted Cristina  shame on u u convert ur self for money
Corrupted old man.. ....one word for ANNA
Those people who hid Osama Bin Laden and Dawood Ibrahim in their country are teaching us about terrorism!!!
Recently many RSS  Activists were very brutally allegedly by CPIM goons. The culprits should be duly punished.
What a Hypocrite person he is. Where is Lok Pal ? Stupid character.
Swaraj Bharti didnt know you are the new voice of India!!  We are proud indians and would rather live in harmony thank you so much. You are a hypocrite saying Kerala is a part oF India and calling someone madirasi!!??  The world laughs at India where cows are protected more than women and children!!????
Tied of them now just kill all paki enough is enough
Innocent man killed by politician for just winning election at any cost .........  it's difficult to digest that Isis interested in India
Muslims are a threat to all humanity and animals
You need another slap from SRK #hightime
Look at this paid media. How these corrupt and paid media twists the news. If there would not have been video of Kumar Vishwas, people would have trusted the medias. Dr. Vishwas has generalised all the party and talked on Kashmir issue but this media just took the advantage of his speech and trying to divide the AAP party. In fact, condition of J&K got worsen due to these corrupt media. During Congress regime Condition of J&K was bad but now in BJP regime it has gone to worst.
Anna is nothing but a dalla of RSS and bjp
Goin back to some CEO sayin india is a poor country...supreme leader saying i think night and day of the poor...honestly we indians should hang our heads in shame.....so much for our space program when we cannot shield our poorest...shame shame shame....on us Indians..
Give every soilder same weapon as special forces use... Immediately and attack Pakistan finish this virus from earth for peace
Fail
frustrated man... long live democracy
Subhrangshu Philomel you need to understand the difference! No one gonna tell you ... You need to realise it by yourself by keeping ur hatred aside
One condom could hav prevented this filthy animal from happening
You bet
He is nothing but highway robber and pay government to make policy in his favor
kick out modi n rbi governor immediately to save india.?
The Tantra Indian Express is talking about ""Mumbo Jumbo"" is a immature expression it insults the very tenet of holistic existence so a slip shod article on ""Tantratic Art"" is just a commercial paint brush for superfical seekers who will hang it in the living room sipping wine and snobishly discuss the art of Tantra and go to bed and forget what was said the night earlier.
Our honorable President is not even aware of ground realities.
Let's see....1st was political funds, 2nd black money , 3 rd corruption, 4th funding for terrorist, 5th fake notes, 6th
No fan of BK but if these organisations are not banned organization like BK & IS will get a good recruiting grounds. Do not get carried away with with sangi propaganda. Don't be andha bhagat. 😉
She is a fraud... Her party leaders looted innocent ppl of Bengal..
Fake nees
U r third class person of indian society Send him to Pakistan Dont listen his song
What paid off? Instead it's Shiv Sena been shown it's place. It's just now a Mumbai based party. By the time of next elections even that will not be theirs.
An incapable person recommending /wishing/willing another unqualified person to become PM of India, ,, is it an ancestry, ,,,??!!!
Viswas. you are right. We need to stop all relations with pakis, check strenly each and every house in kashmir, pur hooligans behind bars. Including the socalled gilanis, filanis and abdullas.. all are notorious gansgters
Crocodile's tears!
Shame bjp mla....
Police did the right thing . Indian express has become a toilet paper
Sonu the dog ur discursting u silly man don't disrespect our AZAN......
Hats off to girl n big slap on sonu nigam's face
What are u doing from 70 years ? Randi Rona ? If u r so powerful & eat Biscuit Chai then why u surrender Everytime & lose wars ? :O
This Tuchiya don't have anything to talk abt, like killing of soldiers or farmer agitation. Brainless idiot.
Hideously stated. She just didn't weigh the situation in its entirety.
Racist media always trying to divide :(
Sonu Nigham Respect Religion It Is the God who sleep You .  It is the god come back you between Death and alive.
Lol have anybody in The Indian Express watched the video? He didn't criticise BJP or AAP he said truth. Shame on IE
She is a priviledged idiot 😉
Dont compare with canada...India is a uneducated country where mass of people still uneducated and dont know where to go for toilet...
Dear Madam,  Susma Suvaraj, will you only rescue those Indian in trouble outside India? Susma Suvaraj,  Menaka Gandhi, Tamilisai Saundrarajan, and to all those ladies members of BJP and India, what will you do if some mentally retarded Indian maniacs, watch them 24hrs without intervals. They used my faked death certificate to rob Saudi Arabia Chola wealth with BJP's help but failed.  Now the Indian beasts are causing havoc. They are supplying illegal weapons to terrorists and had tried to kill me using those them. Many times I sought all Indian politicians from ruling party to opposition. All in vain. This lady advertising herself as though rescuing everyone. Election stunt?
These thieves are smugglers too.they steal cows and smuggle them to bangladesh.
Paid media shameful
Extremist, Racist, Bias & EVM TAMPERING master BJP don't respect any leaders except of RSS
Gutter journalism at its peak
'Which IIT' too for that matter....23 are there....more than half are shitty
So many porkis peoples are here and barking like dogs, what's the matter , oh , yes they have no news page.
Ankur, You do not have that much of money, those who bought are ruling the state.
I feel this is stupid of him. During Durga Pujas we have loudspeakers playing also. Its high time we educated Indians stop pointing fingers on each other in the name of religion.
stop giving speeches Mr PM.... Two of our Brave soldiers brutally killed...And you and your people busy in saving cows and welcoming Turkish president who always oppose my countries interest...... Step down if you can't make our soldiers feel proud
Pakistani actors not welcomed.
Government cheated us.
Just a diverting conspiracy by RSS and nothing more than that....I guess those Hindus are called in a rehab centre to teach them how to eject and give birth to 10 children per Hindu family by Yogi :D
Paikhanistani army is a bunch of jokers named as soldiers,thugs scoundrels eunuchs
after 10 year in MCD BJP realize time to work for slums because 10 year BJP work for increase currption in mcd
Who is this sick gorrila, and who gave him that stick and with what authority is he using it. He should use that stick on his wife and children. Is he the father of that girl or has he given one time food to that girl or taken care of her expenses or education. Such goons has to be gunned down on the spot. Hope this happened in my city
I m not interested listening to the either azaan or any religious drums. Just rethink about the students n patients. Wat about the hospital where many of them are being suffered everyday.  I m not against either azaan or Aarti.  But is should be stopped. India is a liberal country. And our constitution gave us the right to speak up .  Why do you having problem with that.
Very nice Sir  But  very  Bad  for  B j p is Bogs man in India
Ms Mayawatiji what happened to u r Dalit card and Muslim card, y people Throwed u into dustbin along with ur cards .... now it's time to put this filthy lady behind bars for looting UP .... mayaji ab bholjai about gaining power back its end ofnur political journey close the party and get married atleast now .... spend ur last days happily ......
Amount of muslims in population 0% = no problem 2% = no go zones 5% = first political demands 10% = massive problems with community, sharia in progress 20% = instability, fear, open attacs against jews, christians, every non-muslim >50% = now you are migrant in your own country, your country now looks like Afghanistan...
In this condition scrap LOC Ceasefire accord's 2014. Because NDA very strong position in subcontinent.
Doesn't this moron know the difference  between a Yogi and a Kejriwal?How could this fellow claim to be a Mullah!
Why are  you weeping both of you .you have killed small retailer through discounting model then no level playing field .it's good for you now you have realized how it hit someone
https://m.facebook.com/story.php?story_fbid=1140971352679257&id=474039572705775  Watch Indian Army brutality on innocent Kashmiri. #FreeKashmir
and chandan bro i wanna say that wen u r a public figure l, people look up to u, nd u owe them ur success, so make sure to choose words properly in a public platform.. just bcoz u can do something doesnt mean u should do it ya...!!
That is called bhakti
Don't try to abuse my beloved prophet otherwise you life will become hell here and hereafter..
Maharashtra will be ruled by bjp always. No chance for corrupt congress
Shame shame shame shame.  The entire parliamentarian should put their head down for this incident.
I am not able to understand why our government is not sending Gurkha regiment, Assam and Garhwal Rifles. We need barbarian to tackle the  barbarians. Dogra Aur grass eating regiments mat bejo. Army personnel must know how to handle unprofessional army of Pakistan.
Everyone is in the race of earning money there is no value for poor lives, docters are giving more attention on private clinics
Only sacked...she shud be in jail for a long long time
Teri maa ki chuuut kutte chuude
It is a non-story. You should not have filed it. Stop being silly.
